[Still in Draft]

--Exist Class--

Advanturer - One of the fundamental Class. This is the lowest class among others. This class can't evolve
	     but the user will be able to "Job Change" depending on current stat. The advantage of this
	     class is to be able to use all Skill and Magic without Class Restriction, however they still
	     need to satisfy the Stat Requirement.

Mage -	One of the fundamental Class root. This Class later can evolve to Healer, Sorcerer, Summoner or 
	combined with other fundamental Class to evolve to new advanced Class.

Knight - One of the fundamental Class root. This class focus on close-ranged battle. It can later evolve
	 to BladeMaster, Battle Mage(Combined with mage), Brawler . . ect.

Archer - Fundamental Class. A ranged-type physical damage dealer. NOTE: The best archers among all came
	 from "forest" elf bcus they're borned with Talent as an Archer and got the Blessing of Wind
	 Goddess, Lyra.

Thieves - Most likely a non-combantant Class. They have the ability of self-defense but not as good as
	  the other classes. This class has special ability of "Stealth", to move without being detected.
	  This Class is good with Trap Detection and avoiding dangerous monsters in the dungeon, thus can
	  act as a Scout before a dungeon parties begin their quest. This Class is a fundamental class
	  to Assassin.

Guardian - A Heavy-Armored tank class. Evolve from Knight.

Assassin - A stealth killer class. There are various type of Assassin, some use melee weapon, other use
	   ranged, or even magic and poison. Assassin evolved from Knight, Archer, Mage and Combined with Thieves. 

Blademaster - Evolved from Knight Class. This class use less Magic compared with other melee-classes. On the other
	      hand, this Class has a good damage output from melee attack and good with close-range combat. This
	      class can use all type of melee weapon (Battle Mage has limited weapon choice) + Able to use Crossbow.
	      It's quite easy to master this class, thus most of Emperial Knight will choose this as their Class. 

Battle Mage - A combination classes of Mage and Knight. This class is the most well-balanced class among all.
	      The user can fight at close-ranged using melee weapon such as sword, greatsword or axe, and at
	      the same time fighting at long range using various kind of offensive spells. This class also enable
	      its user to use some of self-buff spells.

Cleric	- A defensive-type of Battlemage. Rather than focusing on offensive spell/buff, this class
	  mainly functioning as a Healer and defensive buff caster. Depending on situation, this class
	  can act as temporary tank. This class use Heavy Armor.

GhostBlade - A assassin-type of Battlemage. More powerful than the typical Asassin class. During party battle,
	     this class can act as a AoE positive buff provider for team or cast a AoE negative buff to put
	     enemies on the disadvantage position. This class use Light Armor.

Brawler - A Knuckle-only Class, unable to use other type of weapon + limited long ranged offensive Magic. However,
	  this Class has the highest Evasion Rate after Archer and Assassin. The typical fighting style of this Class
	  is to evade while landing attack. This class evolved from Knight.

Ranger - An Archer Class with Knight as Sub Class. While extremely good with long-ranged attack, this Class also can
	 fight at close-ranged combat. This class can use all type of ranged weapon(Physical Type).

Healer - Support Class. Evolved from mage.

Priest - Better version of Healer. Able to do both purify negative buff and healing. This Class enable its user
	 to provide team buff for party member.

Summoner - Evolved from Mage. Instead of fighting alone, this Class channel their magic to summon Magical Being
	   to assist them in battle. Most magics cast by Summoner are to support and streghten their Magical Being.

Sorcerer - Better version of Mage. Specialist on using offensive magic.

ArcPriest - SS-Level of Priest Class. This class able to temporarily enter Ethereal Form, to ignore all physical
	    damage but in return recieved extra damage from magic-type damage.

SpellCaster - SS-Level Mage Class. This class evolved from Sorcerer and able to use all kind of high teir Offensive
	      Magic. 

Crusader - SS-Level Tank Class. Has a better damage output than Guardian and of course is able to withstand more damage
	   compared with other tank Classes.

Berserker - SS-Level Offensive melee Class. A combination Classes of Brawler and Assassin. A very rare Class. Unlike a
	    typical Assassin, instead "Stealth"  this Class will do face-to-face type of battle. Damage output came from
	    this class is near to Paladin, however this Class has "Zero Defense". Thus, user has to avoid all attack while
	    dealing damage to opponent. This is why this class is rare compared with other, it's really hard to master.
	    NOTE: This Class sacrafice all defense for power.

Paladin - SSS-Level Class. This class is extremely good with both offense and defense. One must be be able to master
	  Battle Mage, Cleric, Ghostblade, and Crusader at the same in order to achieve Paladin. This is the hardest
	  Class to master, thus has a very few numbers of user.

Saint - SSS-Level Support Class. This Class able to use all Skills and Magics used by Arc Priest. Has extremely huge
	AoE Healing/Purify Magic. Enable its user to use Resurrection Spell, to revive dead people limited to 5 person
	per day. The strongest Saint(Valerica) able to revive 29 person per day (actually 30 but she always save the 
	extra 1 for her beloved younger sister). Resurrection Spell won't work to those who already reached their
	life span.
	Able to Purify both Venomancer and Necromancer spell.
	Only those who came from Noble Bloodline and blessed with Saint Blessing will be able to become Saint.
	Just like Paladin, this Class has very few numbers of user.
	This Class is limited to Human and Elf only (Racist LOL . .blame Bal)



--Hidden Class--

Venomancer - Poison expert. Able to summon and control Miasma Banshee.

Necromancer - Zombie expert. Able to summon and control Death Golem.

ShadowBlade - Dark-type of Battle Mage. Able to use Forbidden Dark Skills.

Dragon Priest - An experimental Class made by Bal (LOL)

Demon Lord - A Dark-Type Class of Paladin.

Succubus - Uhhmm . .is this even a Class? (Nope, this is a Demi. Patch 2.12)

Deadric Princess(?) - Corrupted version of Saint



--In-Coming Class--

FateSeeker - Colin-only special Class. Evolved from Advanturer Class. With Bal's Blessing, the user will be able to use
	     all kind of weapon and relic ignoring the Class Restriction. Rarely, the user will be able to Summon Dragon
	     (random tiers) to fight along side with him.

Mystic - Luna-only special Class. This Class is the combination of SpellCaster and Saint. Extremely good on both offensive
	 and support role.

Druid - A Class borned from Alduin(?)'s boredom.

BloodSeeker - Syndicate's Big Boss's Class.


--No-Go Class--

Duelist - Redundant with Assassin. (sigh!)