Bandit Summoner Mini Arc [Patch 2.13.2]

Place: Eashen Continent - Aomori
Party Member: Colin & Luna
More Info: Guild Master= Fenwick Cromwell, Guild Manager= Latifa

Synopsis: While doing a guild mission - to save pack of sheeps from group of Goblin, bad situation accoured.
	  The group of Goblin were actually lead by a huge Troll, probably a group leader. This information
	  doesn't listed on Colin's current quest as this supposed to be a low level quest. Colin and Luna somehow
	  manage to defeat those goblins while escaping from the huge troll. Later, Colin decided to follow
	  the huge troll. Colin curiosity lead him to the Troll's Cave. He was shocked to see the cave filled with
	  bandits and the troll somehow following their command, what actually happened here?

--Plot#1
The day at the guild start as usual - a barely exist people on main hall, a bored guild manager, and almost never
shows up guild master. Colin sit at the corner table of the hall and start to clean his rifle. As usual, no one
try to talk to him - either because the guild has very few member or because he is an Orc. Suddenly, someone walking
fast from Colin back - Colin familiar with the step. Then Luna shows up just like Colin thout.

With her innocent happy face, Luna said to Colin, "So, today is that day, right?"

Colin look at Luna, "Let me ask just in case, what do you meant by that day?"

Luna continue, "The day you'll rap-"

"*sigh* Kinda saw this coming . .No!", Colin reply while sharpening his bayonnet.

"You prefer childish body? Phedophile?", Luna saying with weird face.

"Wha- No! I'm not. What happened at Ono is completely misunderstanding", Colin try to clear the misunderstanding.

"Am I not attractive to you?", Luna's tone sounds a bit sad.

"Don't worry, you're attractive enough, I can assure that", Colin tried to comfort her.

"I see, while I was asleep you already did-",Luna.

"No!", Colin immediately interupt her.

Luna then sit on the same table as Colin - silently watching Colin treating his rifle with care. 5 minute passed, and Luna
still watching Colin silently. Colin start to feel awkward - a talkactive Luna going silent mode making Colin feel weird.

	"*Took breath* Luna, are you curious about this rifle?", Colin start a conversation.
	
	"Yeah, I never saw this kind of sword before",Luna reply.
	
	"Sword? Oh! I see. This weapon is called rifle and one that look like a sword called bayonnet. I can use
	 this rifle to shot enemy from far way", Colin explained.

	"Owh. But I never saw you shot anyone using this rifle", Luna asked.

	"Err. Lot of thing happened and I can't use the shotting function currently", Colin answered.

	"Yet you still using this rifle as your weapon?",Luna asked again.

	"Of course", Colin answered with a smile toward the rifle. He start to recall few past memories where 
	rifle have saved his life in various situation.

Luna smile as she suddenly remembered something - one of her created gadget. She asked Colin to stay at the table while
she is away. She then left the guild hall. After a while, she return with something on her hand - a huge dildo weapon.
She put that weapon on the table and proudly said the weapon's name in front of Colin - "The Dildo Sword". Colin goes
blank, "I can't believe this woman just said that name proudly in front of everyone here". Luna explained the greatness
of the sword she made and lastly she even said "this dildo can even penetrate medium level magic barrier, don't u think
that cool ?". Colin seems to be agree, "well, that feature do sounds good". "However, this sword will explode if u try
to activate the function, so make sure there is no people around when u do this", said Luna with sigh. "Do u ever made
a proper invention?", asked Colin with sad eyes. 

"Every great invention begin with great failure, that's why I won't stop making fail gadgets and I believe that one day 
I'll become The Great Inventor", said Luna while blinking her left eye toward Colin.

Colin then reply, "Wait! Did I just heard something really wrong just now? *sigh* Well, never to give up is a first step to 
become a great inventor. I'm sure one day you'll become one for sure". Luna went silent as she surprised that Colin would 
encouraged her. 

She then said, "Other than my sister, no one ever said that to me. Thanks", she smiled with a little blush.

--Plot#2
Colin is standing in front of Quest Board searching for low level quest. Luna is currently his party member, although
she never told him but Colin's guts can tell that Luna's level is far higher than him. Thus, as her partner he can't
be left behind and what more important is he don't want to become a deadweight to his team.

Colin unable to make a choice - most of currently available quest require high level. He then saw an old woman approaching
the guild counter and start talking to guild manager, from her expression it's telling Colin that somekind of trouble 
had occoured and she need a quick help - this called an emergency quest, although it's usually called for bigger threat
but unfortunately this guild is too small for any bigger quest to occur. Colin decided to join the conversation and hoping
that he'll get a quest that suitable for his current level. After exchanging conversation, Colin able to understand
current situation - thanks to his experiences as an ex-SF, he's able to undertand the mission's current circumstance
even only with little information given. From the old woman explanation, Colin can summarizes this quest as a rescue
mission, the target is pack of sheeps, the enemy will be group of goblins, and to complete the quest require him to
rescue at least half of the pack. As someone who already had a lot of experiences with rescue mission, rescuing sheep 
won't be a problem to him - Colin's thought. 

Before Colin start talking, Luna shows up from behind and said "We will take this quest. Don't worry! Goblins won't be a 
threat for us. We will return your sheeps back to you, ma'am. Just leave it to us". Colin planned to conduct this quest by 
stealth but thinking of unknown threat - as he isn't yet very familiar with the current world he's staying, bringing Luna as 
alternative force would be a great idea. Thus, the party decided to take the quest.

On the way to the quest's location, Luna and Colin start their conversation.
	
	"Just leave it to us,eh?", Colin started the conversation to Luna beside him.
	
	Luna's elf ear moving a bit - reacting to Colin voice, she then look at him, "huh?".

	"You said 'us', which mean you included me as a force in your calculation. Am I right? Although Orc, I'm low on
	level. Don't you think I'm quite ineffecive for fighting against group of goblins? On the other hand, you alone
	can destroy those goblins single-handedly using massive offensive magic. So, what make me useful in your
	calculation ?", Colin continue the conversation.

	Luna smiled and start speaking, "Colin!".

	"Yes, Colin speaking.", Colin replied.

	Luna continue her words while looking at the blue sky, "You see, I might be already told you this already before
	that I graduated from one of top three Magic Academy in this world. I used to be a top one student during my
	education, my talent as a mage become center of attention to both students and teachers. I admitted that I had
	a good affinity to magic but deep inside I knew, magic alone won't be able to save me on the strict environment
	of outside world that full of unknown challenges. I need a good decision making skill, and I don't got this.
	You however got this in you, Colin. For a low-level adventurer, every moves that you made aren't useless, every
	move got its own meaning, and every move connected to next move. Even during a pinch situation, you're able to
	remain calm and make a good decision. I don't know what other people think of you but I don't think you're useless"
	Luna look at Colin and smile.

	"Hoo, I knew you're good mage but I never knew you're that good", Colin giving compliment to Luna.
	
	"Hihi, I'm still far from being good", Luna somehow refusing to accept the compliment.

	Colin then talk to himself, "For a pervert elf, this girl is quite observance to her surrounding. She realized
	both her strength and weakness. I don't know about mage but she got a brighter future as a soldier".

	Colin change his speaking mode to loudspeaker, "Actually about the goblins, no matter how much the numbers,
	they won't be a threat to me. From my research, other than appearance they're no different than those bandits 
	out there. So, given the right time and right location, I can accomplish this mission successfully in various
	ways without any failure". Colin speak to himself again, "Well, as someone who got too much experience on dealing
	with terrorist, even before my head start thinking, my body will react on its own during mission".

	"I see", Luna replied with smile.

	"You don't sounds really suprised", said Colin.

	"*pant* *pant*" Luna's tone changed to her pervert mode. "I . .I know you're actually strong Orc. But you
	pretending to be weak in order to let my guard down. After I let my guard down, I'm sure that's the moment
	you'll show your true self, following your beast instict and ravages my body like a wild animal, doing
	that kind of stuff and this kind of stuff to my body . .No, if you do that ..I can't . .I c--ahhhhhh!!"

	"I see, once a pervert, always a pervert", Colin end the conversation with a sigh.

--Plot#3
As they reached the quest's location, Colin and Luna immediately hiding behind the bushes. From the bushes, Colin can see
the group of goblins leading the sheeps to somewhere, probably their hiding cave. The number of goblins are five, and they
most likely won't be having any reinforcement force. Colin try to detect if there is any hiding force such as archer or
assassin. Deep inside Colin knew that goblin isn't clever enough to think of any plan or strategy, but his habit ensure
him to stay sharp and caution all the time. Colin confirmed that there is no additional force anyway, but he's curious
about the goblins formation. Two goblins guarding the front, one at center, while the rest two at the rear. For a monster
that only follow their instict, this formation is quite tactical. His guts telling him something is off but at the same
time telling him that the longer he left those goblins untouched, the worst the situation will become. Colin then decided
to act, he start by thinking of plans and various of possible situation while looking for best escapes route if something
goes wrong. While he's thinking . .

	"Colin", Luna start speaking.

	"Yes, Colin speaking", Colin replied while looking at the goblins' slow movement.

	"Do you want me to activate arterial-type offensive magic?",asked Luna.
	
	"What kind of magic is that?", Colin returned Luna's question by another question because Colin isn't familiar
	with magic although he knew its destructive power.

	Luna point her finger to the sky and make explaination, "Similar to the rain, the magic circle will shows up from
	above and the magical projectiles will be drops to the ground. How much the projectiles will be produced and how
	it will looks like depend on the caster. In my case, it will be an icycle daggers and the number should be about 
	20 to 30", she then smiled at the Colin - waiting for his permission.

	Colin start to think of plan and murmuring to himself, "Hmmm, I see. Somekind of air support magic, this should
	work. Even if this magic unable to kill them all, those goblins will be in a panic state, I can use this chance
	to eliminate them one by one. Hmmm, yup this should work".

	"Colin!", Luna interrupted Colin.

	"Yes, Colin speaking", all Colin's attention and focus he used on making plan just now is all currently directed 
	to Luna.

	"Err, I should tell you this too. Unlike Archer and Ranger, we mage doesn't really have confident with acccuracy.
	That's why we tend to use massive area magic during battle. So, my Rain of Icy Daggers magic won't only hit goblins
	but will hit those sheeps too at the same time. But don't worry, those sheep have more number than those goblins.
	After being hit my magic, I believe some of those sheeps will left unharmed." Luna telling Colin the fact that
	she got no confident with her magic's accuracy with an innocent smile on her face.

	Colin then smile brighty, "Um, yup. Thanks God that I'm with you in this quest else this quest will be a massacre
	- far away from a rescue quest".

Colin start to improvise the plan. He thinking that the plan itself isn't bad, thing that matter now is how it should
be executed right. Suddenly, an idea came up from his mind. Colin smiled and then start to explain his plan to Luna. 
Luna nod her head as she and Colin came to agreement to each other.

Goblins moving in formation while guiding the sheeps to an unknown location. Suddenly, a magic circle shows up on the air
- the magic casted 100 meter far away from the goblins, a barely save distance to avoid the sheeps from being hurt but
this distance of magic won't hurt goblins too. Icy daggers shows up on the air then fall to the ground - the number
of daggers are about 20 only. Those daggers later made a huge sounds whenever its hitted the ground, sheeps become scared
and they start to run on random direction - Colin is aiming for this. As planned by Colin, the goblins' formation start
to crumble. The two goblins in front start to looking for the magic caster, while the other one at center and two at rear
running around trying to catch the sheeps. A wind blow toward the area, the smoke made by the falling daggers later moving
slowly through the field and covering the area - producing a smokescreen, a perfect moment for Colin to act. Colin already
memories the area and the location of each goblin, Colin enter the smokescreen in his assassin state. In this state, he's
not looking the area through his eyes but instead using his mind as he already perfectly simulating everything through
his mind. While this smokescreen is disadvantage for goblin, Colin make this as his advantage. Few minutes later, Colin
managed to eliminate all the goblins using this rifle's bayonnet.

Colin sit down below a tree not far from where Luna standing now. He's looking at Luna as she using her stephard magic to
manage the sheeps, without any effort those sheeps start to grouping around Luna. Colin feel a bit funny looking at elf
that doesn't look familiar with stephard jobs. Luna seems to be having trouble trying to control those sheeps but happy at the
same time, probably because the sheeps looks cute to her.

At the sudden, Colin sense danger from the location that those goblins trying to reach just now. Before his brain start
to work, his body reacting by its own. He run as fast as he can trying to reach Luna. Colin feel time move slowly around
him, "Ahh, I remember this feeling. Felt nostalgic, the last time I felt this way was during my last mission I guess. Bad
habit. I shouldn't let my guard down before the quest finish". While trying to reach Luna's hand, a voice came through his
mind, "Arterial Magic!". Without futher thinking, Colin shoutout to order Luna,"ARTERIAL MAGIC!! 120 METER TOWARD MY THREE
O'CLOCK!!!". Luna raise her staff and start casting her magic, at the same time Colin positioning his head to his three
o'clock. There he saw a tree literally flying toward them as projectile weapon, he also saw a giant walking slowly to
them. The giant holding a tree on its right hand, probably its weapon - Colin sure the one who throw the tree to them
is the gaint, there is no mistake. The feeling of excitement and afraid run wildly inside Colin, he remembered the same
feeling he got when the first time trying to survive from a tank with only a rifle on his hand. Colin then murmuring to
himself, "You got to be kidding me, Bal! Why did you have to put high level monster on low level quest".

Before the 'flying' tree reached them, the icy daggerss from the above forcing the tree to drop to the ground - resulting
smokescreen. Colin took Luna's hand and run to the nearest forest - leaving the sheeps behind. As soon as reached the
forest, Colin immediately stabilize his breathes. He can hear Luna panting beside him, her face is all red.

	"Luna, are you alright?",ask Colin.

	Luna look at Colin, "I think I'm wet", said her with blushing face.

	"Huh?", Colin replied. He almost can't believe what he heard.

	"*pant* *pant*" Luna's tone change to her pervert mode. "Haa . .haa . .Just think it already make me excited.
	That huge body, and its huge excalibur . ."

	"Excalibur?", Colin thought by himself.

	Colin then continue to hear Luna speaking, "It will target the powerless me, caught me then bring me to its nest.
	There, it will rip my clothes. Ahh! Then it will force me to lick its excalibur against my will, put it on my
	mouth and made me drink all the white stuff. After that, it will use its excalibur to penetrate my Holy Territory.
	The feeling . .haa . .haa . .the feeling will reach through out my body. No, you can't, ah, don't do that, ah . .
	ahh . . Ahhhh!!! Haliluyaaaahhhhh!".

	"I can't believe this elf still virgin with this personality", said Colin to himself. "Luna, hello, Earth to Luna!
	Please return to reality", said Colin to Luna - trying to bringing her back to her normal state.

	"Haa! Troll is marvelous", Luna said it as she returned to reality.

	"Troll?", Colin asked.

	"Yes, that giant is called Troll. One of my three favourite monsters.", Luna answered.

	"Uhhmm, for sake of future references, what are the other two will be?", Colin asked out of curiousity.

	"Slime and Orge", Luna immediate answer.

	"I guess I saw that coming", Colin ended the weird conversation.

The troll approaching the pack of sheeps, it looking around - probably looking for Colin and Luna. Luna tell Colin that
she is very familiar with Troll anatomy - she learned about Troll from various kind of books because of her interest on 
this monster. While listening to Luna's explanation, Colin looking around - searching if there is another Troll hiding
somewhere. In the end, Colin can't tell the troll true force. Thus, decide to not use Luna's magic without being extra
careful. Colin start to think fast plan in order to escape while rescuing those sheeps.

	"Colin!", Luna called for him.

	"Yes, Colin speaking.", he answered.
	
	"Do you want me to use explosive magic? Even if the troll won't die but it will deal some damage and give
	us enough time to run", Luna giving suggestion.

	"If not in this circumstances, I would love to use this suggestion but unfortunately I can't determine the troll's
	full force. There is probability that other trolls lurking around here. If you use massive explosion magic here,
	it will definately calls the other trolls. You also mentioned to me just now that some of troll born with natural
	magic resistance, in this case, not only your magic won't work but all the aggro will be on you. I'm afraid I
	won't be able to protect you if this happen.", Colin explained to Luna the risk of her plan.

	"Our quest is to rescue those sheeps not monster hunting. There is no need for us to face that kind of risk",
	Colin continue speaking.

	Luna smile and talk in soft tone, "You're kind Colin, you always include me in your calculation". She suddenly
	thought of a plan. "That's right. There is always me in your plan. How about remove 'me' this time?", Luna
	making another suggestion but this time it's sounds a bit different.

	"What do you mean?", said Colin.

	[Few minutes later]

Behind the bushes, Luna is chanting somekind of magic - wind starting to blow around the field. Luna then come out from
the bushes, she run toward the center of the field area where the sheeps located. The troll realizes of her existence,
thus trying to catch her but the wall of wind suddenly appear circling the troll. As she is near enough to the sheeps,
Luna then cast her stephard magic - leading those sheeps to leave the area with her. The troll raise its hand to the air,
then hit the wall of wind. The wall dispelled. "No way!",said Luna. The troll trying to reach Luna, she manage to avoid
troll's hand but at cost of losing one of the sheeps. Luna decided to leave the caught sheep and continue running with
the other sheeps. She then screams, "PASS!!".

Someone walk slowly from the bushes with a serious(cool) appereance -  It's Colin. He walking slowing toward the troll
along with his rifle. There is a dim light shining upon his entire body - it looks like somekind of buff magic had been
casted on him. Colin look the troll straight to its eyes, "Yo, Troll! You shouldn't look away from your opponent".

--Plot#4

	[Few minutes earlier]

	"What do you mean?", said Colin.

	"Uhhmm, I'm not good with plan making. You do the plan. Basically what I'm saying is whenever you include me
	in your plan, your plan will tend to result in 'how-to-fight'. So, this time how about temporary leave me aside.
	This way I'm sure can make a 'how-to-not-fight' plan", Luna explained.

	Colin enter his thinking mode, "Humm, she's right. I've said it myself earlier. This quest isn't about hunting
	but rescuing. The biggest priority currently will be to ensure those sheeps return to owner, and to survive this
	pinch so that we can return home in one piece. I guess this time to survive is the victory for us. Interesting."

	"Luna, can you use the stephard magic?", asked Colin.

	"Anytime!", she answered.

Colin smiled. He then explains his entire plan to Luna. This mission is a simple distraction mission - after Luna able
to escape from the troll along with the sheeps, Colin will take the aggro from Luna. At this point, the only matter
is how long can Colin hold the troll. However, Colin will avoid fighting as much as possible. When the objective of the
plan completed, Colin will escape from the troll through the forest. At the end, Colin and Luna will regroup at the
Guild Hall. That's how the plan should be.

In the forest, Colin is running for his life - he's being chased down by the troll he was fighting just now. The buff
the was casted on him already wore off and the troll seems to have only few scrathes on its body. Colin never thought
that the troll would be this persistent.

	[Flashback]
	
Hiding behind the bushes, Colin and Luna prepare to execute their plan - Colin watching over the Troll, looking for good
timing to start the plan. Luna then move slowly toward Colin - trying not to make any sounds. Luna then cast a buff magic
to Colin body. Colin then react, "what kind of magic you casted to me just now?".
	
	"It's a magic buff called Reinforce Armor - It'll increase your physical resistances for long time
	and reduces physical damage received. However, there is a limit how much this buff could be useful.
	The more damage your recieved, the lower effectiveness of this buff - which mean the resistance and
	damage reducing effect will decrease as you continue to recieve damages. When the treshold is reach-
	ed, this buff will deactivate itself. So be careful!",Luna explained.

	"Thank you, Luna. I never saw you use this magic before though", Colin thanked Luna and asking anot-
	er question.

	"I just learned it lately. I thought it could be useful somedays", Luna answered while looking down.
	There is somekind of sad expression on her face and disappointment at the sametime.

Colin questioned himself,"Could it be she that learned the skill in order to back me up?". He then smiled. He pat Luna while 
saying gratitute to her. Luna only nod and smiled a bit - althought smiling but her smile doesn't looks as her usual cheerful
smile, more likely a force smile. Luna then slaps her face with both hands - her usual smile returned. She took her staff and
start casting wind magic. After finished, Luna gives ready signal to Colin. He then start counting until three - the operation
begin. Luna run leaving the bushes toward the center of the field area.

	"Fantasy world they said. It'll be fun they said. Here I'm at the center of nowhere fighting against 
	impossible monster with no proper weapon", Colin end his complaint with a sigh.

Luna then scream,"PAAASS!!". Colin then slowly walking leaving the bushes toward the Troll. "Well, it's not like I have
any much choice anyway. For god sake, I'll do this. Dragon? Troll? Just come. I'll kill you all one by one", Colin look at
the Troll straight to its eyes.

	[Flashback End]

	"No way . .No way . .No way . .There is no way I can do this", Colin screaming while running away for 
	his life, the Troll is right behind him.

	"I just took three direct hits and this magic buff already wore off, even my weapon barely gave any
	damage to it. Just how strong this Troll, huh? Damn it, I rather be on Afghanistan. Bal, I hate you",
	Colin continue to complaining while running.

After been running for a while, Colin able to hide behind a dead tree - the Troll walking around searching for him. Colin hold
his breath, he can hear sound of his heart pumping so fast like there is no tommorow. He also can feel that his adrenaline
is still running wild within his body - preparing to react for any unwanted situation to happen. Colin move his head a bit
toward where the troll is walking around. He trying to see if there is any chance for him to run away. Suddenly, the troll
head reacts to something and start looking toward the dead tree where Colin is hiding. Colin suprised and immediately hide
his head, he can hear the footstep walking slowly toward him. Colin start to thinking every possible situation and possible
escape route. However, all situation will lead to dead end - there is no way for him to escape this. Colin strengthen his will
and ready to fight, "there is no way I'll die here without fighting!". Just before he about to jump away from the tree, the
footstep stopped and slowly going away. Colin move his head to outside and look for the troll, he saw the troll is walking
away from the area. He feel relaxed a bit but curious at the same time - something is not right with troll. Colin decides to
follow the troll slowly from behind.

--Plot#5
The troll reached its destination, it's a dungeon entrance - Colin enter bushes nearby. Colin suprised - not because of the 
dungeon but what he saw in front of the dungeon. The dungeon guarded by bandits - there are two of them. What is more 
suprising him, the troll follow every order given by the bandit. The troll giving away the sheep on its hand to one of the 
bandit. The bandit and the troll enter the dungeon - leaving the entrace guardian alone. Colin searching something around
him - something that he can use to distract the guard. Colin found a small stone - he throw the stone to the guard's head.
The guard reacts - he walk toward the bushes where Colin is hiding. Just before the guard about to enter the bushes, Colin
shows up from behind and hit the guard with rifle - the guard passed out. Colin look around him to ensure that there is
no one else guarding the entrace, he then slowly enter the dungeon.

Colin careful moving inside the dungeon and avoid all the walking bandits. Few minutes walking, he reached to somekind of
place filled with jails. The jails filled with different races of female - Phanterian, Human, and Elf. He tried to talk to
the women, asking what happened them but none of them answering to him. It's looks like all of them have been drugged with
something. Colin realized there is somekind of necklace-like tatoo on their neck - every of them.

While checking the jail one by one, he stopped at one jail - an empty jail. There is a journal inside the jail but the jail
is locked. Colin open the locked jail by force using his bayonnet - luckily no guard is around, so no one heard the noise he
made. He took the journal. He tried to read it but the light inside the dungeon to dim - unable him to properly read the
journal. Colin took the journal with him. He retrace his path and moving to different area within the dungeon. Colin reached
to an area where he believed to be a dungeon's main hall. At the end of the hall he saw a mage - probably a bandit too. The
mage talking to three of trolls and five goblins - more likely giving them orders. Aside from the mage, other bandits are less
armored and compared to them, the mage is well-equipped - obviously he's the leader. Colin planning to retreat but just before
he able to leave, the mage pointed his finger toward Colin. "H-Hello, Can you tell me where is the toilet?", said Colin. The
mage then commands his trolls to kill him. Colin run for his life.

Somewhere within Aomori, a man is running - he running with big hope with him, should he stop running then the hope will
gone. He is running inside the forest - magnificently avoiding all obstacle along his way. He is running from something -
something that could took all his hope away, the hope to stay alive. That man is Colin, and he's running away from a troll. 
He able to escape from the other two trolls but not this one - the one that chased him before, a persistent troll. "I've been 
running enough today that I believe I can win olympic. God, please do something about this", Colin the scream, "Can someone 
take this buton please!!!".

A dim blue light shows up far in front of Colin, a familiar voice screaming, "Get down!". Colin stopped running and jump to
the right of him.

	"Armor Piercing Magic: Ice Lance" . .

A large ice lance shows up and fly toward the troll - the lance pierced the troll's chest, leaving nothing but only its lower
half. The lance disappear immediately right after the troll die. "Well, isn't that kinda overkill. I bet the sound just now
will call the other trolls too. This girl should learn the word self-restraining", Colin talked to himself while lying on the
ground. Luna walking toward Colin, when she near enough to Colin, she then offer him a hand, "You alright?". Colin took Luna's
hand,"I'm okay, thanks. Let's get out of here fast".


--Plot#6
At the guild counter, Colin asks Latifa about the existence of any quest that related with dungeon he entered just now.

	"The south east dungeon? Oh, you mean the troll's cave? There was a quest related to that cave but it
	was left uncompleted and considered as unsolved quest right now. The information about that quest
	should be lying somewhere inside the storage room. This is the key, suit yourself", Latifa answered
	to Colin question while handing him the key to the storage room.

Colin, together with Luna, enter the storage room. Just as Colin expected - the room is really messy like it was never been
any maintainance done within 10 years. 

	"No wonder she doesn't want to enter here",said Colin to himself.
	
	Colin look at Luna, "You got any cleaning magic?".

	"I got explosion magic if that what you need.", Luna answered and start to cast a spell.

	Colin hit Luna's head, "Stop it, You'll destroy important evidences".

	"Evidences? not informations?",asked Luna.

	"Anyway, just try to find any files related to troll. You're good when searching things related to
	monster, right?",Colin said while searching for the right file.

	Luna's eyes shining,"Leave it to me".

While gathering file and scroll that has information about the unsolved troll's cave quest, Colin remembered about the neck-
lace tattoo he saw on the womens' neck inside the jails. He asked Luna about the tattoo, Luna told him that the tattoo should
be a result from Slavery Bind magic - as slavery considered no longer legal, people are forbid from using slavery-type magic.
Luna explanation gives Colin a basic idea of what actually happening at the cave but he still had few questions left un-
answered. Colin realized that he had brought something originally came from cave itself - he stopped searching and walking
to a table, he took a chair and start reading the journal the he found inside the jail. The journal was written by someone
with C.C signature - no actual name inside. It has everything that Colin what to know what actually happened inside the cave.
It told that the dungeon was used by bandits to make a slave trading, every women that they kidnapped from the village and
outside the village will be gathered there. The leader somehow able to control trolls and goblins - he used it to make a
camouflage for the cave, making people think that the cave is troll's nest. At the same time, the troll will act as an extra
guardian for the cave. At the end of the journal said, "If you're reading this, I'll probably no longer alive but I don't
care what happened to me. Just please save those women inside, they deserve freedom. Hand this journal to the Imperial Knight,
it should has enough proves to make them move. P/S: Justice worth more than gold. Do you believe in justice?".

Flashback went through Colin's head, the moment when he meeting with Bal for the first time,"You're a killer, mister",said
Bal.
	
	"Justice, eh? I'm afraid you got a wrong guy, C.C", Colin said to himself.

	Luna put two files on the Colin's table, "I think these two files are what you searching for",said 
	her while smiling at Colin.
	
	"It's possible for a mage to control monster?", asked Colin.

	"Yes, Summoner can summon and give orders to the summoned monster. However, it's limited to magical
	monster - a monster with proper mind and will. Monster that live only by following their instinct
	such as Troll, and Slime cannot be made as summoning target because the summoner won't be able to
	make contract with the monster", Luna explained.
	
Luna then use summoning magic to shows Colin the example of her explanation. She summoned a low-leveled wind elemental spirit
monster, Sylph - its size same as Luna's small palm hand. She's only possible to summon low level monster because she isn't 
Summoner-class mage and even limited to use the magic once per day. Aside from being a living cold air maker, the monster she 
summoned has no other function.

"Then why . .", Colin words paused as he saw something written in the files. The first file said about a missing girl advan-
turer that doing a non-exist quest, she believed to be missing inside the troll's cave. The girl name is Cathelyn Crowmell.
The second file said about a quest issued to rescue the missing girl, the rescuing party was small because people were afraid
of the cave. Imperial Knight refused to help. After the guildmaster gave away a great speech, the small rescuing party turned
into huge one. However, what they found at the end of the quest were only the girl's belonging along with her advanturer card.
The location where they found her belonging painted with blood. She officially considered KIA on this day. Society looked her
death as a foolish - trying to capture a non-exist villian. Although the quest had ended, it's tagged as unsolved quest for
unknown reason. These records dated from 8 years ago.

	"I see. If this C.C is Cathelyn Crowmell, it should explained everything. Cromwell. Hmmm. . .
	I think I've heard this name somewhere", a wondering Colin.

	"Fenwick Cromwell. He's our guildmaster, although I never met him. Heck, I don't think he ever 
	shows up before", Luna responsed.

	"Luna!", said Colin.

	"Yes?", Luna with a curious face.

	"Do you believe in justice?", asked Colin.

	"Absolutely not. Justice is simply a mere excuse for one to conduct their self-rightness. But
	who cares about that, if you think what you do is right, why should refrain yourself from
	doing so. I learned the latter from someone though.", Luna answered the question while looking
	at Colin.
	
Both of them then smiled. Later, they left the storage room.

--Plot#7
Colin meet Latifa and asked her permission to complete the unsolved quest about troll's cave. Latifa looks Colin in the eyes
with an unreasonable face, "HUH?".

	"Let me tell you two things. First, I never met any fool who actually decide to takes an
	unsolved quest when there are abviously better quests on the quest board availables there.
	Second, I cannot give you permission for this quest. I don't have the authority to permit
	advanturer to takes unsolved quest. You'll need the permission from Guildmaster, he got
	the authority to do so.", tells Talifa.

	"First", Colin then look at the quest board from where he's standing, "better quest, eh?
	of course there are lot of better quests available there but most of them requires mid or
	high level. I'm a low-leveled advanturer, Latifa. Doesn't matter which quest I took, both
	will ended up being impossible to me. So, why don't I just take quest that people normally
	won't take. It doesn't make any different to me, right?", Colin reply.

	"Low level. pfftt.", Latifa cover her mouth with her hand as she trying to hold her laugh
	- her face turn to red because of laughing too much.

	"This is the first time I see you laugh", said Colin to Latifa.

	"HUH? It's not like I'm laughing for you. Don't be mistaken, hmm!", a blushing Latifa looked
	away.
	
	"Hmm. .she's really hate me", whisper Colin to himself.

	"Tsundere~~", said Luna with slow tone as she standing behind Colin.

	"Second, where can I find our Guildmaster right now?",asked Colin.
	
	"When you standing outside of this guild entrace, just look to the east - the entrace is your 
	south. Above the hill, you'll see a lone mansion there. Fenwick will be there.", Latifa
	answered.

Colin and Luna walking on the stall area of Aomari toward Fenwick Mansion. While walking, Colin and Luna heard a screaming
from a person being robbed by a thieves. Colin saw a black-dressed guy with hood running from the area, he about to chase the 
target but stopped when he realized that Luna about to cast a massive explosion magic. He then warned Luna to stop doing that.
The theive is being chased down by two imperial knights. He saw a blue-haired elf maid in his path, so he plan to take her as 
his hostage. The moment he touch the maid, he immediately thrown down to the ground by the elf maid. "Don't you dare to touch 
me without his permission, Trash!", said the elf maid and walk away, leaving the thieve on the ground. The thieve then took a
knife from his pouch, he stand up and try to stab the maid but stopped by Colin, "Don't you think you're a bit rude toward
a lady, my fellow brother?". Luna put her staff on the air and wind start blowing, the thieve's hood blown away - revealing
a green skin, an Orc.

Imperial Knight immediately take care of the thieve as they reached Colin. One of the imperial knight get closer to Colin and
hold Colin's shoulder, "You too, come with us, Orc!".

	"Huh? Eh-ehhh? I don't have anything to do with this thieve, Sir. Didn't you see I just saved
	the lady just now from being stab?, responsed Colin.

	"No excuse, come with us to the Imperial Post. You can talk there later.", said the Imperial
	Knight.

Luna hold her chest - like holding something she hide behind those clothes. She decides to show her necklace to those knights
but before she able to do so, the elf maid stand in-front of the emperial knight who holding Colin.
	
	"Excuse me, Sir Knight. My name is Yeerlin, I'm a maid working at the Fenwick Mansion. I believe
	the man you're currently holding is belong to Fenwick Advanturer Guild. Plus, being an Orc doesn't
	mean he's a bad guy. His action just abviouly try to save me, isn't that heroic? or did the knights
	nowadays have lose the ability to tell between good guy and bad guy, eh?", said Yeerlin trying to
	defend Colin.

	"If you really a member of Fenwick Advanturer Guild, shows me your advanturer card", said the knight
	to Colin.

	Colin then shows his card to the Imperial Knight.

	The two knights then suprised, they returned Colin card and gives him a formal bow, "Forgive us for
	our rudeness, SIR! We'll take care of this thieve. Good work and have a good day, SIR!"

The two knights leave the area along with the thieve. Colin thanked Yeerlin to save just now but Yeerlin said she's only
returning the favor. The two of them then exchanging name. As Luna get closer to Colin, Colin introduces Yeerlin to Luna.
Yeerlin look closely at Luna as if Luna's face is familiar to Yeerlin. "Gekh!", said Luna as she trying to cover her face
using her staff. "Wrong person I guess", said Yeerlin.

	"So what are you two going to do right now?", asked Yeerlin.

	"We need to meet Fenwick, we got a few things to discuss with him", Colin replied.

	"Coincidence, eh? I'm about to return to the mansion too. If you two don't mind, I
	can lead the way to the mansion", asked Yeerlin again.

	"It'll be our pleasure.", said Colin.
	
	And they start walking.

Out of curiosity, Colin asked Yeerlin how can an Elf ended up being a maid for Human. Yeerlin explained to Colin that unlike
typical Elf, Forest Elf unable to use a proper magic. However, they're naturally borned with good agility and has a good 
archery skill. Thus, every youngsters will be trained to sharpen their survival skill in the wild environment. It was a rainy 
day when Yeerlin lost herself from her training group - she's alone in the jungle. She's trying to find her way back home but
the heavy rain made it difficult for her to track her path. She continue walking until she slipped her feet and fall to the
river. The current water stream flowing rapidly making it hard for her to swim, but somehow she managed to swim to riverbank.
She injured her left foot the moment she slipped her feet - she's unable to walk properly. She took a shelter below a large
tree but the moment she sensed group of monster coming toward her, she forced herself to keep moving. Yeerlin's too tired to
move, her feet injury hurt her so much that she can pass out anytime but thinking of what waiting behind her, she continue
walking until the monsters able to catched her up - five of goblins. Unable to fight her way out, she accepted her fate to die
there at the hand of those goblins. Before she's about to pass out, a man showed up before her - he's wearing black clothes,
blonde brownish-emo-styled-hair, with a greatsword on his back. He stand in front of Yeerlin and took out his greatsword
from his back. With only one swing, he took out those five goblins at once. The man then put his sword to the ground and 
reached Yeerlin. He asked her about her condition, unable to answer to his question, Yeerlin passed out. 

The moment Yeerlin opened her eyes, she already outside of the forest - it's already dawn and the rain had stopped. She then 
realized that she's being carried by the man on his back. The man asked her name while giving his name - Fenwick Cromwell. 
Yeerlin gave her name. She looked around and realized that Fenwick doesn't have his greatsword with him. Fenwick then told 
her that he left his sword behind at the forest in order to carry her to safety. For the first time, she felt something warm 
on her heart and learned how beautiful kindness can became. From this day, wherever Fenwick goes, there will be always Yeerlin
behind - following him around on his advanture. On the day of his retirement as elite advanturer, Fenwick decided to live 
peacefully on Oomori Village, far away from Arthuria. When she heard about Fenwick's retirement, Yeerlin decided to left 
Arthuria too and followed Fenwick to Oomori - she stopped being advanturer. She lived with Fenwick on his mansion as his
personal maid.

--Plot#8
Colin, Luna, and Yeerlin reached their destination - Fenwick Mansion. Yeerlin welcome both them to the mansion. She asked them
to wait at the living room. Yeerlin served them with tea and cakes while they are waiting for Fenwick. There is no other maid
on the house other than Yeerlin, only she alone doing all the management and cleaning for the huge mansion.

Yeerlin standing in front the door of Fenwick's room. She knocked the door and tells him that his guild member want to meet
him. Fenick refused to meet them - he tells Yeerlin to let them leave. However, Yeerlin managed to made him agreed by emph-
asizing Colin's urgency. Yeerlin standing at the second floor's corridor, shouting at Colin and Luna - telling them to go
upstair and meet Fenwick on his room.

Fenwick sitting on a big chair, he looking at the window - a beautiful blue sky.

Colin knocked the door, opened it and step inside.

"So what this urgent dissussion is about?", said Fenwick while still looking at the window.

Yeerlin stepped outside and close the door.

"You're Fenwick Cromwell, right? A guildmaster of Welcome Home Guild. My name is Colin.", said Colin and he then pointing at
Luna besides him, "and this is Lunaria".

Fenwick turn his chair to face Colin and Luna, "Yes, I'm Fenwick. I don't recall having an Orc on my guild before though. And
you miss, did we ever met somewhere before?", said Fenwick.

"Eh? No, Guildmaster! We don't. This is the first time we meet.", Luna answered.

"Oh! forgive me. Your face and appereance really reminded me of someone that I met before.", reply Fenwick.

"I'll take that as a compliment, Guildmaster.", said Luna again.

"We're both new members of your guild, Sir.", Colin explained Fenwick how both of them ended up being his guild member. 

"I see, lets takes that aside for now. So, what is the stuff you want to discuss about?", Fenwick returned the conversation to
its original purpose.

"I'll go straight to our main objective of coming here. We need your permission to finish this quest," Colin walk forward to
Fenwick's table and put the a file on top of the table - file about unsolved Troll's Cave quest. Colin continue talking,
"This cave is not your typical troll's nest, it's a dungeon and there is someone taking in-charge inside, a Bandit Summoner."
Colin explained everything Fenwick should know about the dungeon - that it been used for slave trading and they're the behind
on those kidnapping issues which until now still continue.

"Where did you got all these informations and do you have any proof?", asked Fenwick.

Colin then explain how he got to the cave, and everythings that he saw inside along with a journal he found.

"A journal?"

"Yes, a journal belong to Cathelyn Cromwell, your daughter, Sir."

"Where is the journal now?"

"Unfortunely it's not with me now. However, I've entrust it with someone trustworhy."

Colin continue speaking, "If this doesn't enough, I'll be your living proof. I just got out from the dungeon barely alive.
And now I'm here asking you a permission to enter that dungeon again. Only a fool will enter the dungeon that nearly kill
him for second time without a good reason. But no, Sir. I'm no fool. I got a proper reason to enter the dungeon again - just
like your daughter did, Sir. You might be well aware about this, but no matter how society thought of her, she is no fool - 
she did what she think right and that is honorable thought, Sir."

The conversation between Colin and Fenwick reminded Fenwick on how he used to debatting opinion with his daughter, Cathelyn.

"I believe what you tell me are all truths but unfortunely I can't give you my permission. You're not aware of this but one
more mistake then our guild will be . ."

"Closed?", Colin interuppted Fenwick.

"You knew about that too?", asked Fenwick.

"Yes, and of course the reason you made Welcome Home Guild too".

The main reason of Fenwick made new guild at Aomori was because of her daughter, Cathelyn. From she was a child, she loved
to listened to her father story about his advantures and journey. For Fenwick, her daughter was a precious treasure left by
the one he loved - his wife. He raised Cathelyn as a normal girl with a normal daily life until one day she told him that
she want to become advanturer. Unable to reject his daughter request, he then teached her everything she should know to become
a good advanturer - trained her to become a good fighter. At the age of 16, Cathelyn left Aomori to join White Eagle Guild,
his father former guild at Arthuria. Like her father, she's been doing great as an advanturer - took only two years for her
to become a well-knowned elite advanturer. Fenwick did everything for the sake of his daughter's happiness including giving 
her permission to move to Arthuria. However, deep inside he knew that he want Cathelyn to be closed beside him - to protect
her like he's been told by his wife. Thus, he decided to make a new guild for her daughter to join. He named it with "Wel-
come Home" so that Cathelyn can feel the guild as her second home. Fulfiling his father wish, Cathelyn left White Eagle and
join her father newly opened guild, Welcome Home Guild.

For a while, Cathelyn and her party have been doing great for Welcome Home Guild. Until one day, she issued a quest to enter
the south east dungeon, The Troll's Cave. Fenwick refused to permit the quest because they got no proper information about the
newly discovered dungeon. He afraid that any wrong move will endanger both her party and Aomori's villager. Unable to accept
her father decision, she decided to enter the dungeon alone - ended up being missing.

When the news about her missing daughter reached him, Fenwick immediately issued a quest to save her. Knowing the quest was
too dangerous, advanturers inside the guild became afraid to join the searching party. Imperial Knights refused to help
because there was no proof of any crime happened on the area. Council told him to wait for reinforcement from other big guilds -
Fenwick refused to wait. Fenwick stand at the center of guild hall and gave a great speech to increases guild member's morale.
Later, the whole guild members joined the searching party. The quest's outcome turned out to be worse than expected, with
no proper preparation, the guild lost more than half of its members' life. They found no corpse but a pool of blood with 
Cathelyn's belonging nearby - indicated of her death.

Fenwick took full responsible to this whole miserable incident. This incident put the guild on a bad reputation. Welcome Home
Guild can no longer afford any more mistakes.

"This guild is what left connecting you with your death daugther. That's why you can't afford to lose it, am I right?",
asked Colin.

"*sigh*. I guess you already knew everything. I didn't except you to get all of these informations in a short time though",
said Fenwick.

"No, Sir. I only made a conclusion based on data that been given to me. She's the one who did all the data gathering", Colin
pointing at Luna right beside him.

Luna smile at Fenwick.

"Sir, if you don't believe on my skill. Please believe on Luna's skill. With her full power, she can blow the whole dungeon",
Colin explained.

"Woi! Woi! You don't destroy a dungeon", said Fenwick with panicked face.

"I'll do my best.", said Luna with a smile.

"DON'T!"

"*sigh*. I got a bad feeling about this.", Fenwick speaking.

Luna step foward, "Guildmaster, let me give you an advice. I've been with Colin for a while, doing this kind of stuff and
this kind of stuff together . ."

"Woi! don't give him wrong idea", Colin interupted her.

Luna continue speaking, "Erhhmm, so what I'm trying to say is when Colin already made his decision, they no way his going
to change it. And when he already made his decision, believe me when I say this, he won't ever fail."

Fenwick laughing hard, so hard that it can be heard from the outside room. In front of the door - Yeerlin put her hand on
her chest, she felt really great able to hear Fenwick's laugh once again. For the past 8 years after his daughter's death,
Fenwick had been stopped smilling. Ironically, the quest who took away his smile become the reason for he to smiling again.
Nevertheless, Yeerlin feel really happy knowing Fenwick will be able to smile again.

"I can't believe I just beaten by youngster on a debate. Moreover, beaten by both newbies of my own guild. Proving that there
are many things that I still need to learn. But like I said just now, I can't give my permission officially . ."

"Who said we need an official permission?"

"What do you mean?"

"A covert quest, Sir. Should we accept to do the quest, no one will know about this except few members of the guild. Should
we fail the quest, then you're to deny guild involvement on this case and to remove us from your list members. No matter what
this quest's outcome, the guild will not take the glory." Colin explaining his idea.

"I don't see how to two will gains anything from doing this", Fenwick replied.

"Do you believe in justice, Sir?"

Fenwick speechless.

For few seconds, he felt very close to his daughter. Cathelyn's phantom shows up and smile in front of Fenwick.

Fenwick turned his chair - he look to the windows. "There is something left you need to do, is that what you trying to tell
me, Cathelyn? ", said Fenwick to himself.

"Sir, give us your order"

Fenwick turn his chair again - now facing Colin and Luna. "One hour".

"Yes, Sir?"

"One hour. That's the time limit for you two. When the time is up, no matter what going to be happen to the guild, I'll be
coming for you and when that happen, it'll be the end of our guild but I believe one hour is more than enough for you two,
am I right? So, this is my first order as a guildmaster to you newbies, finish the quest and comeback to the guild alive",
a words filled with spirit from Fenwick.

"Yes, Sir/Guildmaster", said both of Colin and Luna.

Colin and Luna then left the room. Luna closed the door. Yeerlin walk closer to Luna.

Yeerlin then talk in a slow tone, "Miss. Lunaria, forgive me if I'm mistaken but are you belong to-".

"Psstt", Luna put her finger own her own lips signalling Yeerlin to keep her identity as a secret for a while.

"I see. I only want to tell you that we, Forest Elf, can't thanks your mother enough for what she've done for us. Thank you
so much.". Yeerlin bowing to Luna.

"Stop it, Yeerlin. This is embarrasing. It was my mother who did that, not me. Plus, she only did what she think right and
not because she want to be thanked. So there is no need for you to felt indebted. Besides, she already got enough thanks from
other Forest Elf too", Luna smiled at Yeerlin.

"Luna, I'm going to leave you behind if you're not hurry", shout Colin from down stair.

"Wait for me, Colin". Luna run toward the stair.

"Oh! By the way, Yeerlin. I don't think there is a different between our race. So, there is no reason for you to feel inferior
around me. We're already friend, right?", said Luna and continue running toward Colin.

"She really look a lot like her mother". Said Yeerlin to herself, then a memory about Luna's mother came through her mind.

"I got this idea from my daughter.", said Luna's mother.

"I can't believe a five years old child's idea can change Elf's future.", said Yeerlin while looking at Luna teasing Colin.

Luna waving at Yeerlin from a far.

Yeerlin return it with a bow.

"Yeerlin!", Fenwick called her.

Yeerlin then entered the room, "Yes, Fenwick-sama?".

"Make a preparation. We're going to the guild.", said Fenwick.

"Right away, Fenwick-sama"

"Oh! Yeerlin. One more thing"

"Yes?"

"Thanks for everything you've did for me all this time. I won't be able to live if not because of you staying by my side all
this time. Thank you so much", said Fenwick to Yeerlin.

"It's nothing, master. I'll go make preparation"

Blushing Yeerlin left the room.

--Plot#9
Colin and Luna hiding in the bushes in front of the Troll's cave entrace - two watchers guarding the entrance.

"Lets stick to the plan", Colin asking Luna to follow the plan that he made before they went to the quest area.

"It's pink"

"Huh? What pink?"

"My underwear".

"Which plan exactly we're talking about now?", asked Colin preparing for Luna's joking answer.

"Our night plan of course", Luna answered.

"Lunaria!", Colin looked at Luna with serious face.

"Alright! I'm doing it now."

Luna start casting a spell. A soccer ball-sized iceberg appeared floating on top of her staff, the iceberg then fly toward
one of the bandit watcher - direct hit to the head.

Luna came out from the bushes and move slighty closer to the watcher that left standing. The bandit watcher hold his sword -
pointing the sword at Luna.

"You alone won't be able to defeat me. I give you five minutes, go call all you comrades", shout Luna.

The bandit run inside the dungeon. After five minutes, the bandit shows up again - along with his comrades.

"one, two, three, four, . .twenty-three bandits and no trolls neither goblins. Wow! Just like Colin expected. He never
stopped to surprised me everytime. I guess it's time for phase two", thought Luna.

"Come and get me", Luna then run to the forest followed by all bandits that trying to catch her.

While those bandits trying to catch Luna, they don't realized that their number decreasing one by one - taken out by Colin.

The rest of the bandits followed Luna to open area within the forest. Luna stopped running, she looked around her - she
surrounded by few bandits. All of them jump simultenously toward Luna. She raised her staff and cast a magic.

"Whirling Gush Ward"

A wall of wind shows up around Luna - spinning fast along with those bandits inside the wall of wind. Luna trying to hold
back her magic output - ensuring she will deal only small damage to both bandits and the forest. The bandits thrown away
from Luna as the magic ended. Luna then walk away to meet with Colin at the regroup location. Along her way, she saw many
bandits lying on the ground - knocked out by Colin.

Luna managed to meet up with Colin.

"Took your time with those bandit, eh?", Colin said to Luna as soon as she reached him.

"You the one who told me not to destroy the entire forest.", said Luna with face that clearly unsatisfy with her performance.

"I'll die too if you do that", Colin replied.

"You? Die? I bet between you and cockroach, you'll have higher survival rate than the latter."

"Huh? Well, I'll take that as compliment I guess."

Luna then look to a man standing in front of them, "By the way, is that someone you know? He's not moving since I got here
though. Did you do something that upset him?".

The man that standing in front of them wearing the same armor like the other bandits did but what make him different is the
size of his body - the bandit has huge build and tough body.

"I don't recall having a friend of this huge. Hey, mister. We got all your comrades knocked out already. Why don't you just
surrender and make things easier for both of us, eh?", said Colin.

"Garrhh . .garrhh . .garhhh", the bandit speaking.

"Hah? I think I misheard you, mister. Can you speak again?"

"Garrhh . .garrhh . .garhhh . ."

"Luna! What does he saying?", asked Colin.

"Huh? How should I know? He's talking gibberish"

The bandit pull a small tree near him from the ground.

"Really?", Colin and Luna surprised.

The bandit throws the tree to them. Colin and Luna able to evade the attack.

"Colin!", Luna shout at him.

"Yes, Colin speaking. Although I'm currently busy thinking what kind of a guy who literally pull a tree from ground and
throw it like it was a javelin".

"That bandit is a warrior with Class. He's a Guardian, a tanker class."

"Will it be hard to knock him down?", asked Colin.

"If he's a Crusader than it'll be a whole different matter", answered Luna.

"But he's not", Colin smile. He lean his body foward and start dashing toward the Guardian Bandit.

"Reinforce Armor", buff casted on Colin by Luna the moment he start dashing.
	
			Stat Shifter Triggered: Dexerity
				VIT lowered.
				DEX increased.

Colin run straight toward the bandit, as his DEX increased, he's speeded up more than his usual speed. Colin try to hit
the bandit's neck using his bayonnet. The bandit use his left hand to hit Colin but Colin avoid it by jumping to the bandit's
left direction. As the bandit left hand hit the ground, it immediately freeze by Luna. While still on the air after jumping,
Colin spin his body to reach the bandit's back and aiming for his neck. The bandit then use his right hand and swing it
backward to attack Colin - defending himself at the same time. Colin able to guard the attack right in time using both of his
hands. He's been thrown away by the attack but able to rebalance himself and landing on both of his foots standing.

The recieved damage absorbed by Colin's Reinforce Armor.

The guardian bandit pull his frozen left hand from the ground - the ice broke along with his left hand, blood flowing out non-
stop. A green magical viel shows up and cover the injured area, stopping the flowing blood. The bandit then scream toward them.

"Luna, it's just me or he doesn't look hurt at all even after losing his left hand", Colin trying to grasp current situation.

"He's using a Pain Nullifier magic", said Luna with a sad expression on her face knowing that the person in front of them is
no longer a proper human. "The magic he's using is forbidded to be use by all Races except Demi because this magic will cause
the user to lose his sanity. This is the fate for those who greed for power".

"I see, so that's why garhh garrhh", said Colin.

"Let me end your misery", Luna then cast an offensive magic.

"Ice Lance". Huge ice lance shows up and fly toward the bandit. A blue magic circle appear on the bandit's right hand, then
covers his right hand with blue fire.

"Gehk! . .", Luna panicked.

"Gehk?", Colin looked at Luna with panicked face.

The bandit punch the ice lance - the ice cracked, broken into pieces and fly toward Luna. Colin catch Luna and dives to the
ground - avoiding all the countered ice magic.The ice fragments land on the ground and produces smokescreen - Colin takes Luna
's hand and run to the smoke.

"What happened just now?, Colin asked Luna right after they enter the smoke.

"It's a Counter, Guardian's advanced skill. Return projectile-type offensive magic back to its caster. This skill can be used
three times in a row and after that it'll enter long cooldown. He already used it one time, he can use it another two times 
and then he won't be able to use the skill for a while, that will be your chance.", explained Luna.

"That guy has a good reflexes, that's why I need your magic as distraction but if he can counter your spell, it'll be differ-
rent story. I can't reach him while protecting you at the same time", Colin trying to think better idea.

"Colin! Do you familiar how gentlemen carry their bride?"

"Enlight me"

The bandit pull another tree and throw it into the smoke.

 . .Silent

Colin jump out from the smoke along with Luna - he's carrying her on his arm while running foward.

"Fire at will!"

Luna point her staff foward and cast her magics.

"Wind Blade", a sharp boomerang-shaped wind fly at the bandit. Obviously, he countered it with his punch. Before bandit's
punch reach Luna's magic, Colin look closely the angle of the bandit's punch - predicting the path of countered magic and
avoid the attack before it reach them. Luna cast the same magic again, both bandit and Colin did the same cycle.

Colin continues running foward with Luna on his arms. Luna excited with the current situation - she never thought that being
carried in the middle of battle could be this fun. Colin only focus to the enemy in front.

Luna cast her third magic. The bandit has no longer Counter on his hand.

"Ice Lance!". Huge ice lance fly toward the bandit. The bandit put all his energy to his right hand to stop the huge lance.
The momentum from the lance push the bandit backward - made him losing his balance.

Colin running fast foward - without Luna. Saw the window of oppurtunity, he sprint toward the bandit - he stopped right in
front of the bandit and slash him on the chest using his rifle. Guardian bandit grasp the lance, he smash it to the ground
where Colin is standing.

				Stat Shifter Triggered: Massive DEX
					 STR lowered
					 VIT lowered
				    DEX massively increased

Colin vanish into thin air. The lance broken into pieces. Colin appear again at the same location he disappear, he swing
his rifle, and slashing the bandit non-stop. Guardian Bandit swing his arm to hit Colin. With his reflexes on peak state,
Colin saw the incoming attack and bend down to avoid it. Colin tried to attack the knee but the bandit managed to avoid it
by jumping slighty backward - bandit immediately raise his arm, trying to smash Colin on the ground.

Luna's magic circle appeared far on top of the bandit standing location.

"Nice timing!", said Colin while smiling.

Bandit swing his arm downward. Colin raise his rifle, he step to the bandit's right while swing his rifle to the same
direction - cutting down the bandit's hand and he immediately vanish into thin air. In order to able to successfuly cutting
down the bandit's hand, he's taking the advantage of his current speed's momentum as an extra slashing force.

Rain of Icy Daggers pouring down, hitting the bandit. Unable to defend against the attack, the bandit fall to his knee. Colin
appear behind the bandit.

			
				Stat Shifter Triggered: Massive STR
				     DEX massively lowered
				    STR massively increased

Colin swing his rifle's bayonnet to the bandit's neck - decapitation. The bandit stop moving. Colin step backward as soon as
the bandit die. 

Colin desperately trying to catch his breath right after the effect of Stat Shifter ended. It put lot of stress to his body. 
Colin is not in control of this skill, instead it'll automatically triggered by his survival instinct. Luna run to reach
him and cast healing magic.

Green aura slowly covering the bandit's neck - the effect of the Pain Nullifier still continue. The bandit's body stand up
searching for its head. Luna look at the moving body. She got the feel that she's able to save the bandit's soul and end his
continuos misery. She then put her staff on Colin's hand and slowly walking foward - toward the body.

"Err . . Miss. Lunaria, You forgot your staff!". Colin try to catch Luna's hand, but suddenly his guts telling him to let Luna
deal with the current situation. Colin decided to follow his guts - however, he still prepare for worse to happen.

Slowly approaching the body, she raise her hand - trying to reach the body's chest. The body stopped moving the moment Luna
touch its chest. From where Luna is standing, a magic circle begin to appear above the forest and slowly increasing in size.

Luna close her eyes and  . .cast.

"Starfall Purification"

A pillar of light descend from center of magic cirlce - covering both Luna and the body.

The pillar of light getting smaller slowly and disappear along with the magic cirlce on the sky. Luna is unharmed. The body
begin to shine - as the light covering the whole body, it disperse into light fragments and fly into the sky. The lights
then gradually disappear. The guardian bandit is no longer can be seen anywhere.

Luna looks into the sky, "May you'll be reborn as a good person on the next life cycle".

"For an Elf who only interested on pervert stuff, you did quite well there", said Colin while appoarching Luna.

Luna turn her head behind, responding to Colin's voice. "I'm sorry", said her while looking down.

"Eh? Why apologize?"

"You told me to converse my mana for next phase but I didn't listen"

"I should've taken an abnormal bandit into account but I didn't. So if there is someone to be blame, it'll be me. You did
a good job right there. Now that the bandit has gone, we can proceed to next phase.", said Colin. He then pat her on the head.

"Still, what's up with the magic you just used before?", asked Colin with curiousity.

"I'm not sure myself. I never learn that magic before, it just came through my mind. One thing that I know, that magic will
only effective against target that no longer alive", Luna explained.

"Why it doesn't sound weird it all when it's came from you", said Colin trying to tease Luna.

"Thank you!", Luna with her cheerful smile.

"That's not really a compliment though but oh well, let's go. No time to waste here".

Colin and Luna move on.


--Plot#10
Inside the dungeon, the two of them walking together - Luna is slighty distanced herself behind Colin. Along the way, Colin 
have knocked down number of bandits one by one while continue moving foward. Because of what they did outside, the number of
bandit inside the cave greatly decreased. Thus, save Colin's time to move without sneaking - they move openly along the path.
Taking down every bandit that tried to attacked them. [#JohnWick_moment]

"I can't believe this is the same dungeon that killed the guild members". Luna remembered this dungeon had taken more than 
half of her former guild members' life. It's quite surprised her that they're able to walk in there openly right now.

"This is the same dungeon, I bet on usually day the security in here will be really tight that it's quite impossible to sneak
in. However, today is slighty different - the fact that we're able to walking in here alive is the prove", Colin explained.
This is also the reason why he want to settle this quest today because he believe that this chance won't be appear again.

Colin and Luna later reached to point where the path divided into two lane. At this point, Colin and Luna will be fighting at
separated area. Luna took the right left path - Colin took the other path.

"Catch!", Luna throw a magic crystal at Colin. He catch it with his right hand. An image of familiar weapon appear on his
mind. In this world, one can put certain item inside a magical crystal using certain skill. The crystal later will works
exactly like crystal drop from monster - the crystal will turn into the items inside it following the owner's will.

"In case your current weapon rendered uneffective toward your target. An item made by genius ME, it won't disappoint you".
said Luna while blinking her right eye. "And don't forget to get me when you're done with your part. I bet I won't be able
to move an inch after this".

"Don't worry, I'm a man of my words and one more thing . .", Colin approach Luna and pull her right ear, "I'll hunt you
forever in your life if this item fails me", said Colin with serious eye.

"Is that mean you want to see my naked body and own my body like your favourite toy to satify your wild lust? Kyaaaa . .
Colin's pervert. You should've told me before and I'll gladly shows you", said Luna while losing her clothes.

"Oi!"

"Eh?"

"Don't EH! me. Let me ask you just in case, what are you doing?"

"Can't you see I'm getting naked? You want to see my naked body, right?"

"*sigh*", Colin walking away leaving Luna alone with her pervert imagination.

"Good luck!!", said Luna from where she's standing.

Colin raise his right hand and shows thumb up while continue walking.

"And the man never return . .", said Luna with slow tone.

"I heard that!", Colin shout from a far.

The place is the Welcome Home Guild. Fenwick shows up at the guild entrace along with Yeerlin besides him. He look around -
the familiar counter, familiar hall, familiar logo, and a little amount of members with few of them has familiar face. The
feeling of nostalgia came through his mind, reminded him the time while the guild still at its peak. The people inside the
guild speechless while looking at Fenwick. One of them then starting talking, "Is that you, Guildmaster?".

"Yes, I'm Fenwick Cromwell, the guildmaster here.", proudly said by Fenwick.

Everyone inside guild bows before Fenwick, "WELCOME HOME, GUILDMASTER!!!".

A long green hair blown by the wind - Cathelyn's phantom shows up in front Fenwick and greet him, "Welcome Home, Dad".

Tears run through his eyes, "Yes, I'm back". It's sound like he's answering to everyone greeting but he actually looking
at only one person currently - a greet from her daughter's phantom made he really glad that he chose to return.

Yeerlin looked at the empty counter and few members waiting in cue to settle their quest and reward. She then asked Fenwick
his permission to allow her managing the problem at the counter. With the permission from Fenwick, Yeerlin walk to the counter
to deal with all the affairs left by Latifa.

"By the way, I don't see Latifa here", said Fenwick to one of the guild member.

"She's going somewhere. It's urgent she said. Do you want me to call her back?", the guild member replied.

"Urgent?", hearing that word, a flashback came through Fenwick's mind - the moment where Colin said to him, "I've entrusted
the journal to a trustworthy person". Fenwick then smile, "I see! No one is more trustworthy if it's related to Cathelyn other
than Latifa".

"Let her do whatever she's doing now, I'm sure she's doing a right thing.", said Fenwick.

"Show me how you're going to end this, Colin".

The place is somewhere inside the Troll's Cave. The Bandit Summoner sitting on his throne with somekind of altair behind him
producing purple energy from its crystal - the crystal placed above the altar. He is communicating with someone through his
ring until a guy enter the room.

"Yo, Bandit Summoner. Having a good time I see, eh?", said Colin to the Summoner as he enter the room.

"My name is not Bandit Summoner. I'm Ar- . .", said the Summoner while looking at Colin from his throne.

"I don't care about your name. Bandit Summoner is enough", Colin replied.

"You? You're the orc the same Orc from last time. You're still alive, eh? But not for so long.", the Summoner stand up and
whistled his finger.

"Let me guess. You're trying to call the Goblins that guarding the entrace to this room, right? They should be there lying 
somewhere outside of this room. I've a good warm up with them just now", Colin telling the Summoner the truth.

"Impossible! There are . ."

"Fiveteen of them? I know, because I've killed them all myself", Colin interupted him. The entrance to the room painted with
goblins' blood. Few bloods still remain on Colin's bayonnet.

The Summoner shows his pissed off face, "You commoner Orc, you're nothing to me!", the Summoner then whistle again.

"This time calling for your underlings?"

"Don't tell me." [ #MASAKA!!_moment. wakakkaka .. ]

"Don't worry, we didn't kill them - except one person. Well, what we did was more likely saving him though. The rest of them
should be lying there within the forest", Colin told him what they did to the bandits outside and what happened to the rest
inside the dungeon.

"Gah! Who care about those weaklings when I've stronger monster that I can control". The Summoner raise both of his hand to
the air - a necklace that wore by the Summoner on his neck came out from his robe. A green light simultinously appears on
both of his eyes and the necklace. The Summoner connect his sense to one of his troll somewhere within the dungeon. He then
saw Luna facing off the trolls.

"Hoh? An elf?"

Colin surprised hearing that words from the Summoner.

With excited expression, the Summoner look at Colin, "Oh! I see, she's your ally". The green lights stopped shinning when the
Summoner start speaking.

"You're using her as sacrifice to save yourself here, am I right? KAH . .HAHAHAHAHAHA! I thought you're another fool who
trying act as hero of justice but in the end you're just like me - a villian, who easily used a girl's life to save your own.
KAH HAHAHAHAHAHA! I admit, you reminded me to one of the advanturer that came here. The advanturer is a green-haired lady if 
I'm not mistaken. That lady is quite interesting though, until the very end she doesn't stopped talking about her justice.
KAHHAHAHAHAHA", the Summoner continue his evil laughing.

"So, she's really been here before. I should've thanks her, this whole plan won't be having any chance to success if not for
her", Colin whispered to himself.

"Huh?", Summoner stopped laughing, "Did you said something?".

"I did! I said all those trolls won't stand a chance against her. After she took care of those trolls, she'll then come here
for you. I guess you should prepare some tea and cake", Colin trying to bluff. He believe that Luna can do something about
those trolls but it'll be impossible for her to came at the Summoner's room. She's been using lot of mana since the beginning
of the quest - even someone with huge manapool, there is a limit to her stamina. Even if she able to defeat those trolls, she
probably won't be able to move an inch after that.

"That's completely a bluff. A low level mage won't stand a chance against my trolls", Summoner response to Colin's argument.

Colin smiled, "Well, for your information, she just killed one of your troll today - with one hit".

The Summoner become speechless and his expression become empty. He start murmuring to himself, "Impossible! There is no way
mage can kill my troll . .but in fact one of my troll didn't return . .could it be that she's strong . .a Sorcerer? no,
a Spellcaster? What a Spellcaster doing here at Aomori? HE didn't told me anything about this". He become scared but then his 
expression changed again.

"KAH HAHAHAHAHAHA! I guess she's really can kill a NORMAL troll. However, what about troll with Natural Barrier?", said
the Summoner and continue his evil laughing.

Colin's thought rewinded back to where Luna taught him about monster in this world. Monster-type divided into two, a Normal
and Special monster. Unlike Normal monster, Special monster borned naturally with skill - an active skill, passive, or both.
One of the passive is Natural Barrier - a unique monster-only passive skill. This passive will increase the monster's magic
resistance scaling from 10 to 80 percent. The resistance will increases with monster's level. Most mages will try to avoid
fighting against this type of monster unless the mage is really high-leveled or simply a fool.

The Summoner raise both his hands to the air, the green light re-appear again, "Lets the killing festival begin!".

"DON'T YOU DARE!!!", shout Colin and begin sprinting toward the Summoner.

Unable to properly prepare for Colin's sudden attack, the Summoner use Fireball by reflex. Colin avoid it by jumping to the
right. Colin continue attack. The Summoner avoid it by moving slighty to his right. Colin reposition his rifle to stab the
summoner on his left.

"Reinforce Armor"

Colin's bayonnet reflected by the buff. Knowing exactly how the buff worked, Colin jump backward to distance himself from the
Summoner. The Summoner continues to use his Fireball non-stop. Colin running fast circling the Summoner in order to avoid all
the Summoner's attacks. Colin then jump backward to a safe distance.

Colin decides to begin a conversation with the Summoner to distracts him from activating his necklace's effect.

"I've realized something the moment I attacked you just now, where is your Contracted Monster? You're a summoner, right?
Instead of having a monster to protect you, you're defending yourself using your own magics. Why?", asked Colin.

"Don't you look down on me, Commoner. Now that you've asked for it, I'll shows you how strong my Contracted Monster is. 
Prepare yourself to die, Orc!". A huge dark magic circle appear below the Summoner, the atmosphere inside the room become
slightly heavier than usual. Three spirals of water raising up from the magic circle - combining into one and slowly turn into
a certain shape. The magic circle gradually become smaller and disappeared. The spirals turned into Undine - a water elemental
spirit. The summoned monster is small, just like the Slyph summoned by Luna - indicating that the monster is low leveled.

The Summoner murmuring to himself, "Why this always happened. I can't I ever make a proper summoning magic. Everytime . .
Everytime . .Everytime. Why it have to failed. Why can't I ever summon it".

He then scream, "Why can't I summon the Black Dragon!".

"This guy. Did he just said Black Dragon?", thought Colin while remembering the moment he came to this world. "Did he talking
about the same dragon? No way, dude. There is no way you can summon THAT dragon. Heck, I don't think the dragon will even
listen to human's order", Colin continue his thought.

"You know! For someone who talked all big, your monster doesn't have your image at all - it's small, like literally", Colin
shout at him.

The Summoner look downward and talk in slow tone, "Why people around me never stopped looking down on me". He then look at 
Colin with mad expression, "Just because I failed my summoning magic doesn't mean I can't kill you". He grasp the Undine 
near him and throw it onto the wall - the Undine disperse into water and disappear.

The images of Luna happily playing with her Slyph ran through Colin's head. Although low in level, Luna seems to be
satified with her Contracted Monster and treat it like it's part of her. Meanwhile, the Summoner did the opposite.

"Mister Summoner! Is that they way you treat your contracted monster?", asked Colin.

"Who care about that weak monster when I can summon strong troll and goblin using this altar", the Summoner proudly said
to Colin while pointing at the altar behind him.

Purple color continue filling the green-colored crystal, its covering 90 percent of the crystal - indicating that it's
almost complete at energy gathering required by the altar to operate.

"Just a bit more waiting and it'll be the end for you, Commoner! When the altar finish gathering its energy, I'll summon a
super strong troll to kill you. Be great full, Orc! You'll die by the hand of my great creation. KAH HAHAHAHA!", said the 
Summoner to Colin without realizing the fact that his words gave Colin a big hint on how the altar works.

"So I guess that altar is summoning machine and . . the necklace is the remote control", thought Colin.

"Tell me! You got the troll in your control but why don't you use it to attack the village? That really sounds something that
you want to do, am I right?"

"I do want to attack the village and shows my true power but HE didn't allow me. I never understand the way THEY're thinking.
I guess that's why THEY never succeed on their plan", the Summoner murmuring to himself.

"Did you said something?"

"Something that commoner like you won't understand", the Summoner replied with irritated face.

"I see".

Colin positioning his lower body to prepare for a sprint. He lean his body foward and start sprinting toward the Summoner.

"Front attack? Fool Commoner!", shout the Summoner while attacking Colin using Fireball.

"Ceh!", the Summoner slighty pissed off when Colin avoided his attack.

The Summoner tend to cast his magic using right arm. Whenever he cast Fireball, his left side will be unguarded - completely 
an easy target for attack. Colin took this opportunity to attack Summoner's left hand as soon as he avoided the Fireball 
attack. The moment Colin move to Summoner's left side, the Summoner put an evil smile at him - showing him that he had fall
to the summoner's trap. Colin unable to stop his momentum. The Summoner point his left hand at Colin -  magic cirle appears.

"Flaming Burst"

Spiral of flame burst out from the magic circle and fly toward Colin in high speed.

				Stat Shifter Triggered: Massive DEX
					   INT lowered
				      VIT massively lowered
					  STR increased
				     DEX massively increased

Colin vanish in thin air. Summoner's attack completely miss the target and hit the wall instead.

"No way!". [ #MASAKA_again_LOL ]

Colin reappear behind Summoner - immediately attack him. The damage absorbed by Reinforce Armor. Summoner turn around along
with Flaming Burst casted. Colin vanish again - reappear again behind the Summoner. The Summoner turn around again to defend
himself. Everytime the Summoner try to attack Colin while defending himself, Colin will vanish and reappear behind. This cycle
continue as Colin trying to deactivate the Summoner's defence buff by attacking him non-stop.

The Summoner's sanity reached its treshold, he snapped and without thinking the after effect, he immediately casts a high tier
defence magic -  Flaming Spikes. This magic will defend its user by growing number of spike-shaped flame covering the whole 
user's upper body except for arm, neck, and head. This is a great defending magic against melee attacker, however it cost lot 
of mana to activate and will continue consuming mana until it's deactivated by the user.

Unable to completely avoiding the spikes, Colin got his left shoulder scratched by the attack. Colin immediately jump backward
to a safe distance. For someone who got both of his INT and VIT stats lowered, Colin currently has extremely low on magic 
resistance. Even a small scratch dealt by magic attack will cause quite a painful damage to him. However, while his adrenaline
still kicking, Colin didn't realised his current pain.

The Summoner returned to his sane. "What? Did I just used Flaming Spikes for this commoner? Using a high tier magic against
a filthy Orc? DAMN!!", thought the Summoner. He then deactivate his Flaming Spikes. At this point, Colin managed to lower 
Summoner's mana to below of its half - without Colin realising it.

Although end with injury, Colin's reckless attack managed to fulfil his two objective. First, he now know that his current
attack able to deactivate his opponent's Reinforce Armor by attacking five times in a row without miss. Secondly . .

"Hey! Mister Bandit Summoner. Did you lose something precious of your?", said Colin while showing the Summoner what Colin
is holding on his left hand - it's a necklace belong to the Summoner. Colin took it while he attacking the Summoner non-stop.
Not only he tried to deactivate the Summoner's defence but at the same time he also tried to take the necklace and he
succeed doing both.

"HUH?", with mixed feeling of both surprised and irritated, the Summoner went panicked. He immediately check his necklace and
confirmed that it's gone - the necklace holds by Colin's is really belong to the Summoner.

"RETURN IT TO ME! SUCH A COMMONER LIKE YOU WON'T KNOW THE IMPORTANT OF THAT NECKLACE!!"

Colin drop the necklace on the ground, "Oopss, my hand slipped".

Colin then step the necklace, destroying the whole necklace, "Oopss, both my hand and foot slipped. I'm sorry! Commoner tend
to slipped for no reason", teased Colin to the Summoner.

"YOU FILTHY ORC! WHAT HAVE YOU DONE! Without the necklace, those trolls will forgot about the roles that I've given them and
will act only by following their instinct"

"Thing that I've should done! Don't worry about the trolls, someone is dealing with them now. If the troll around the village
that you worry about, it's fine. I got it covered too". The village is currently protected by Fenwick Cromwell, a request from
Colin just before he left the village for this quest.

The Summoner's extremely mad emotion changed into calm again, "Ah! I just remembered that I don't really need that necklace".

"Huh?", Colin response sounds slighty shocked.

"You fool commoner won't knew this! As long as I have this altar behind me, I can get the new necklace anytime. I know what
you're thinking, Orc! But keep dreaming. You won't be able to put a single scratch to this altar. That puny weapon of your 
cannot penentrate the barrier of this altar", proudly said by the Summoner.

"A barrier? I see". The moment he thought of barrier, image of Luna appear on his mind, reminded him about her gadget.

"I dare you! Why don't you try break the barrier? I doubt that you'll deal any damage though. KAH HAHAHAH!".

"My Pleasure.", said Colin as he raising both his arm and left foot to the air - posing a big wind up. The Summoner didn't
know two facts about Colin. The fact that he's a former ace for his highschool's baseball club and the fact that fastball is
Colin's favourite pitch.

Colin focus to the altar's crystal, imaginate it as a mitt. He remembered what his former captain always said to him everytime
during a pinch, "Just look at my mitt!". Colin shut down all his thought and only think of sending his best to the mitt. In
this state, Colin will never miss his pitch. He then throw his fastball. What he throw is no ball but an crystal item given by
Luna earlier. Right before the crystal leave his hand, Colin wished for the crystal to turn into the item inside it - a gadget
introduced by Luna earlier in the morning, a Dildo Sword.

The thrown item crystal turned into Dildo Sword mid air and fly toward the altar's crystal. As soon as the sword touched the
barrier, it immediately activate its main ability - to penetrate a barrier. The sword then fly toward the crystal and succeed
on breaking the cyrstal - rendering the altar's function to null.

The Summoner turned around to look at his altar that no longer able to operate. Unable to process the current situation, the
Summoner's mind went blank. Few sparks appear from the Dildo Sword.

"Hey! I run if I were you", Colin giving a friendly advice to the Summoner becuase Colin able to forsee what going to happen
next. The Summoner slowly turning his head toward Colin. And . .

BOOOOMMM!!!!

The Dildo Sword along with the altar explodes. The Summoner blown away by the impact. Smokes produced by altar explosion
filled the room.

As the smokes slowly disappearing, the Summoner's figure can be seen standing near the destroyed altar. From how the Summoner
's look, he didn't took any physical damage from the explosion - probably he's unconciously protecting himself with somekind
of defence magic during the explosion happened. He, however, seems to be mentally damaged - his face filled with despair.

Colin then shout at the Summoner, "Hey, Bandit Summoner! Tell me. How a dungeon that killed more than half of my guild member
can be easily entered by two of us? Because today's security is quite loose than a usual day. Why? Because you need to focus
your security on somewhere else. Where is that? A place within this dungeon where all your clients will gathering. What this
client for? Of course, clients for slave trading because today is the day, right? The slave trading day. Is my information
all correct? or did I miss something, eh?".

The whole dungeon later start shaking caused by somekind of big explosion within the dungeon but luckily the dungeon somehow 
didn't collapse except for having some tunnels closed by the rocks fall from the roofs.

"I guess that's the cue", said Colin to himself.

The Summoner look at Colin with empty expression that filled with shock and despair like someone who just lose his entire
fortune on a single horse race gambling. "Tell me, Orc! Who actually are you?", said the Summoner to Colin.

"Just an ordinary red-neck from Texas", Colin replied with a smile.


--Plot#End
Latifa walking toward the Imperial's post with Cathelyn's journal on her possession. Before Colin left the guild for the
Troll's Cave, he requested Latifa to hand the journal to Imperial Captain. Latifa rejected his request but when Colin mention-
ed Cathelyn's name, she immediately accepted it.

"Me doing a favor for an Orc, eh? Do you forget what Orc have done to your whole family? What even I'm doing here now.
*sigh* I guess I'm doing this for justice. Don't you agree, Cathelyn?", Latifa talking to herself.

	[Flashback]

Time goes back to when Cathelyn was still a member of White Eagle Guild. She's doing a high risk high return quest along with
her bestfriend, Latifa. Cathelyn and Latifa running along the tight path somewhere within the dungeon - they're chased down
by a huge iron ball.

"Why do have to push the button that obviously a trap trigger, Cathelyn?", shout Latifa while desperately running for her life.

"Curiousity kill the cat I guess, Tee hee!", Cathelyn response with calm. Even in this pinch situation, Cathelyn remain her
calm mind - thinking and looking every possible exit while running. Cathelyn then saw a small opening at the right side of
the path.

"You should be more careful, Cathelyn!", shout Latifa again.

Cathelyn took Latifa hand and throw her to the small opening. Cathelyn managed to push Latifa inside but the iron ball is now
just right before her.

"Is this my ending?", said Cathelyn.

Latifa pulled Cathelyn inside, "In your dream!". Both of them managed to get into the safety.

Latifa is lying on the with Cathelyn on top of her. "Don't you think it's time for you to fix that reckless habit, Cathelyn?".

Cathelyn then bites Latifa's cat-ear, "Kyaa!!".

"Don't worry, I won't let anything to harm you", said Cathelyn.

"Those harms won't appear if you aren't so reckless on the first place, you know!", Latifa replied with blush.

"That's the spirit", Cathelyn stand up. She took Latifa's hand and raise her up, "Let's go".

Reaching the boss chamber, they entered it and start battling with the boss. The fight between Cathelyn's party and the boss 
completely a one-sided battle with the favor on Cathelyn's party. With the perfect syncronisation between both ladies, the
boss unable to dealt any proper damage to them. The fight ended with Cathelyn's party as victorius. The party decided to end
their quest there and return home.

On the way of return home, Cathelyn decided to use different path going outside - should they meet any treasure, they'll take
it. Phanterian borned with nature to always be cautious to their environment, that's why Latifa constantly cautious while
taking her path within the dungeon. However, Cathelyn didn't possess the same nature as Latifa - she unconcously step a trap.
A huge brick fall from the roof down to where Cathelyn is standing. Latifa, who got a good reflex, immediately push Cathelyn
to the safety at cost of having her feet crushed by brick. Luckily, the brick didn't cause huge damage to Latifa but rendering
her unable to move - her feet stuck on the brick.

"See? How many times I told you to be more careful?", said Latifa to Cathelyn while trying to hide her pain.

"Wait, let me help you". Cathelyn acting calm trying to lie to herself. Cathelyn's expression, however, filled with regret.

Sound of multiple monster's step incoming toward them. They're attracted by the huge sound made by the falling brick. Latifa
told Cathelyn to leave her there and asked Cathelyn to save herself. Cathelyn refused to listen Latifa, she draws her twin
blades and activate her Weapon Art Skill - preparing to fight the horde.

"For this once only, please listen to me. Leave me", beg Latifa to Cathelyn.

"I will listen to whatever you going to say, Latifa - after we getting out of here alive", Cathelyn turn around at Latifa
behind her and smile. Cathelyn take three steps away from Latifa to ensure Latifa won't get caught to the in-coming battle.
The monsters showed up and running toward Cathelyn. She swing her twin blades and the fight begin.

The time move foward to few hours later. The place is at a green hill filled with beautiful flowers around the area. Cathelyn
and Latifa taking their breath below a tree there.

"See? Told you we'll be alright."

"Barely alright. You should value yourself more, Cathelyn? Else it won't be another barely next time."

"I'll keep that in mind"

The wind blowing. Cathelyn long green hair blows by the wind.

"Hey, Latifa"

"Yes?"

"Do you believe in justice?"

. . . .

The time move foward again to the night before Cathelyn went missing.

"You shouldn't do this alone. Why can't I come with you?", Latifa begged Cathelyn to join her in Troll's Cave.

"Don't worry, Latifa. We've been doing dangerous quest than this before, I'm sure everything will be fine just like last time"
said Cathelyn trying to reassure Latifa. She knew that something fishy has going on in the dungeon and what ever inside it
should be terminated. However, she also felt the security in there is different than the entire dungeon they have conquered
before. This is the real reason why she don't want Latifa to follow her - Cathelyn don't want to harm Latifa again.

"I promise you when I get back we'll do another dangerous quest together, okay? Just wait for my return.", said Cathelyn
again. [#DeathFlagTriggered_LOL]

"Cathelyn, I never properly answer your question before, right? The question about believing in justice. My answer is . ."

Cathelyn ended up being missing that night.

	[Flashback End]

Latifa stopped walking and look into the sky, "Will thing be different if I stopped her that night?".

The place is somewhere inside the Troll's Cave. Luna is walking to the location told by Colin - a location where the slave
trading will be held. During Colin sneaked the dungeon, he already checked every area that looked suspicious to him including
the jail area. Another area he found was an area that mostly a room for a slave trading being held. There he saw few bandits
doing somekind of business preparation and few ladies with their hand roped.

The moment Luna entered the slave trading room, she saw women being held there - Human, Elf, and Phanterian. A slighty anger
ran to Luna's current emotion. There are five of bandits in the room, two guarding the women and the others doing the prepar-
ation. When the bandits realized about Luna's existance, they draws their weapon and point it at her.

"Wind Blades"

Five Wind Blades fly from Luna to the bandits, scratching them at leg, arm, hand, and hair. Luna used her magic as fire war-
ning to those bandits.

"I got a bad memory with you bandits, so before I lose this so-called self-restrain, you all better run away from here!".
Luna giving those bandit a warning.

One of the bandit try to reach one of the women then an ice spike appear from the ground. The spike pointing at the bandit.
The spike's end barely hitted the bandit's neck - blood slightly appear.

"Why don't you try step foward so that the spike will properly poke your neck." said Luna with mad eyes.

All of the bandits then run away to save their life. Luna then approach those women. She lose their ropes one to another and
told them to leave the dungeon immediately. She handed a key to one of the woman, told her to release the others women at jail
area. The key she took from one of the bandit that they knocked out earlier.

"Take this key. Please release the other women too. We already secured the route to outside, you all should be safe while
going outside using the main path. Please hurry! This place is going to be battlefield soon", said Luna.

Luna look at a door-like hole for in front of her - the door taken by those bandits when they running away from her. Even
since they enter that room, they became too quiet. Probably they already getting outside - thought by Luna. Then huge steps
approaching to Luna from that room. The door only fit for human-size, there is no way monster can reach her using that path
- thought by Luna. The wall destroyed - two wild trolls appear.

"I see! If you can't enter the door, just make a new door", said Luna.

"I don't have cake or tea here but I guess my offensive magics should be enough to fill your stomach", said Luna while
channeling a spell.

Both of the trolls run toward Luna. The one who destroyed the wall got a wooden club on its right hand. As it reached Luna,
it then swing its club to hit Luna.

"Moonlite Viel"

The troll look at the ground where it hitted Luna but she's no where to be found.

"Wind Blades"

Luna casted the magic from the right position of the troll with club. Number of Wind Blades fly toward the roof. Few stones
drop to the ground, hitting both of the trolls. She trying to buy sometimes for those captured women to leave the dungeon
before she use more powerful magic that should risk the dungeon to collapse.

Luna covered with thin light viel around her caused by her original magical buff, Moonlite Viel - to lower the user's 
weight by 1/6 and enable the user to float for few seconds after jumping. The maintainance cost for this magic is quite
high, that's why Luna rather not use it unless emergency. This magic also triggered her bad memory about her personal maid
also teacher at the same time. She made this buff to shows off her talent to her teacher but never able to do so after a
certain incident.

In order for one to upgrade class from Sorcerer to Spellcaster, one will need to have at least one original spell. Luna
passed her upgrading class exam with flying color.

Both trolls came out from the burying stones, some of stones thrown off to Luna but she avoided it.

"Fireball Cluster"

Three small magic circle line up in front of Luna and start shooting Fireballs non-stop - hit both trolls. The troll without
club fall down to the ground. The other one left standing - unscratched by the Fireballs.

"Don't tell me?", Luna thought of something about the standing troll and decides to test the troll with another magic.

"Ice Lance"

The troll thrown off to the wall but barely damaged by the magic.

"Natural Barrier? This wasn't listed on the plan."

The troll jump to Luna and hit with the club, Luna avoid it. Just before she able to counterattack, the troll's eye shine
with green light, Luna immediately jump backward to a safe distance.

"Sense Sharing magic?", asked Luna to herself.

The green light the disappeared.

"Hmm? I guess Colin did something about that magic". answered Luna to herself while casting even stronger magic.

"Ice Cage"

A wall of ice surround the troll and trap it within a cage made of ice. The troll swing hard its club, destroying the whole
cage.

"Well, it's doesn't change the fact that this troll is way too strong", complaint Luna.

The troll didn't stop attacking Luna while she keep avoid it. If not because of her Moonlite Viel, Luna won't be stand a
chance to avoid those attacks but there is a limit on how long she can keep up her Evasion Buff - not to mention that her
bad memory keep showing up on her mind until the buff deactivated. Luckily, she inherited her mother's blood - blessing her 
with high mana pool as well as stamina pool. However, it doesn't protect her against mental exhaust.

Luna look on a ring that she worn on her ring hand. She decided to took it off but the moment she touch the ring, she remember
her promise to her mother. She then decided not to take it off, instead do her best to damage the troll.

"Triple Ice Lances"

The troll thrown away to the wall.

"Massive Flaming Burst"

The troll took direct hit. At last, Luna managed to dealt quite huge damage to the troll. It stand up again with its injured
body. Luna prepare with another offensive magic, but the troll's eye shining again and it scream upward. Luna decided to 
jump backward and see what going to happen. It stopped screaming and slowly walking toward Luna. Luna waiting for what the 
troll will do other than walking while channeling her mana for a insta-cast magic.

Half way toward Luna, the troll stopped walking and stay put. Few seconds after doing nothing but standing, the troll start 
moving different direction from Luna - toward the other troll that lying on the ground. As it reach the troll, it start eat-
ing the lying troll. Luna try to stop the troll.

"Wind Shredder"

Multiple sharp boomerang-like winds fly toward the troll and start hittin it. After successful hit, they will turn around and
hit the troll again - this cycle continue for ten times.

The troll took quite lot of damage but keep doing what it currently doing - ignoring Luna. When the troll stopped eating, its 
figure start changing - it become bigger on size and its color changed from brownish green into dark purple. All its injuries
complete healed.

"You got to be kidding me.*sigh*. I really hope those women already went outside by now. It's been a while since I use my
SS-tier magic. I guess I'll use it now. Plus, I need to give Colin somekind of signal when I'm done. This should do it."

Luna deactivate her Moonlite Viel and start casting a SS-tier Massive Explosion Magic. The troll contiue walking slowly
toward Luna. From the way it's looking, it doesn't yet getting used to its newly evolved body.

A huge white magic circle appear from Luna's standing ground. The same size of magic circles appear above, below, front, back,
left and right of the troll - rendering it immobilized. A sphere covering the whole troll appear along with multiple of
swords around it. The swords slowly approaching the sphere then stabbing it - stabbing the troll inside at the same time.

"I really want to bring you home and make you my pet but our current room can't afford three people. So I guess I can't keep
you.*sigh* I think I'll regret doing this in so many way". Luna finished channeling her magic, she then cast it.

"Starbust Explosion"

"Gekh . .I think I've put too much mana on this. Let just hope this dungeon won't collapse. Not like I can't cancel this
magic anyway."

Luna dive to the ground and the explosion begin - shaking the entire dungeon. Lucky it didn't collapsed. The explosion left 
nothing but the troll's ashes.

Luna is lying on the ground, "Ecstasy! All hail explosion. Nothing more satisfying than blowing off something with explosion
magic. Argghh! My head. I guess this is what people called mana break. *sigh* I'm so tired. Colin! Hurry up and get me".

The story change to Colin's side.

"Mister Bandit, what you're going to do now? Don't tell me you're going to surrender, yes?", said Colin looking at the
pathetic looking Bandit Summoner. The Summoner remain silent.

"You know! There is this one elf I've met recently. She's my partner, you've seen her just now I guess. No matter how I look,
she's full of opening. I never met anyone with so defendless as her, and then there is you. Compared to her, you're NOOB,
sir", Colin trying to provoke the Summoner.

The Summoner went mad, "Watch your tongue, FILTHY ORC! There is a limit on how much you can look me down. NOW DIE".

The summoner then cast Flaming Burst from both of his hand.

				 Stat Shifter Triggered: Massive Dex
					VIT massively lowered
				       DEX massively increased

Colin start his relentless attack toward the Summoner. Colin vanish on thin air - appear on Summoner's right direction.
Immediately attacking him and vanish again. Appear on left side, attack and vanish. This cycle continue for five times.
Unable to defend all Colin's attack, Summoner's Reinforce Armor lose its effect. Summoner tried to defense himself with
another Flamming Spike but before he able to cast it, Colin hit Summoner's face with rifle's stock. The Summoner thrown
away.

"Hey, mister! Did anyone ever told you that you're full of opening when you're mad? Well, I guess you don't have a proper
friend here.", told Colin.

The Summoner stand up, "Even if you defeated me here, other bandit will take my place and there is no way you can stop that".

"Oh yeah? Will that still going to be happen if Imperial Knight found out about this place?", Colin reply.

The Summoner shocked, "What you mean by that? HAH, another bluff. Imperial Knight won't move without a prove and there is
no way you can prove anything happened here".

Colin reply again, "I can't but somebody else did. Even while we're talking now, the prove is on its way to Imperial Knight".

"What prove?"

"A journal. Written someone who actually experienced what going on inside here. Everything that Imperial Knight should know
listed in there."

The Summoner remembered that Colin did mentioned about Cathelyn before. The Summoner's expression even filled with more
despair now, "HAH! What can a mere journal can do. It won't prove anything."

Latifa meet the two Imperial Knight that guarding the Post's door, "Can I meet with Captain Hazama? I need to give something
to him. It's urgent."

One of the knight then response her, "Do you have appointment?"

"Appointment? What if I told you this is about saving people life? You still asking for appointment?"

The two knights look at each other and laughs at Latifa.

Colin then reply to the Summoner, "How it'll prove anything is depend on the person that reading it"

Captain Hazama shows up from behind Latifa while the two knights are still laughing.

"What's with all this noise?"

The two knight stopped laughing and immediately put salute on him.

Latifa turn around and shows him the journal, "Read!". Captain Hazama took the journal and start reading it.

Colin continue speaking, "And I believe the person who's going to read the journal will make a good decision."

Captain Hazama return the journal to Latifa, "You two there!".

"Yes, sir!"

"Tell the others to prepare, we're going to save people. Oh! About the punishment for you two, I'll think about it later".

"Sir, yes Sir!"

Hazama look at Latifa, "Thanks for showing me this, Lady". When Captain Hazama about to walk away . .

"Captain Hazama, do you believe in justice?", asked Latifa.

"I do. Do you?".

Latifa smiled, "Right now? Yes, I do."

The Summoner's expression now is nothing but filled with despair. Colin walking slowly toward the Summoner.

The Summoner put his left arm behind, casting something. While casting, he then talk to Colin, trying to distract him.
"I surrender. You're free to turn me to Imperial Knight. Just please, don't hurt me anymore."

Colin continue walking, "Hand you to Imperial Knight? You think that's why I am here?"

The Summoner reply, "Huh? Then why are you here?"

"I'm here to send you a message from an old man - a father, that's no different than other father out there. A father
who love his daughter more than anything. A father who now left with nothing but regret. A regret to able to meet the
bastard that killed his daughter. This message sounds this way."

	[Flashback]
The place is at Fenwick's Mansion, when Colin is about to left Fenwick's room.

"Colin!"

Colin stopped his hand just when he's about to touch the door knob, "Yes, Sir?"

"When you meet that bastard, can you give him a message?"

"Sure. What is the message, Sir?"

	[Flashback End]

Colin stopped walking.

"You messed up with the wrong family, BASTARD!!"

Colin then starting running toward the Summoner.

The Summoner's expression changed to excited, "HAH! Another front attack? Stupid commener never learn. KAHAHAHA".

"Mine Trap Magic: Flaming Pillar"

A big magic circle appear on the ground Colin step, and a pillar of flame gush out from the magic circle - covering the whole
Colin. It's happened so fast that Colin failed to react to the attack. The flame burning Colin alive, but even in this
situation he refuse to give up and try to get out from the Flaming Pillar. Suddenly, Colin's body begin to shine with holy
aura.

"ORACLE CLARITY" . .a familiar voice far behind him.

The flame-colored pillar completely covered by light, and Colin shows up from the pillar - completely unscratched, instead,
he's completely healed.

The Summoner shocked - unable to believe what he just saw. Colin then banish from his sight. Colin reappear in front of
the Summoner and stab him in chest with his bayonnet.

"You've killed too much", said Colin.

The Summoner look at his stabbed chest. He put both of his hands on Colin's shoulder - trying to stand properly. He's
desperately breathing. He move his head slightly to the right - trying to see someone far behind Colin.

"A Spellcaster who can use Oracle Clarity? Impossible! . .Ah! I see. I never thought that I'll meet with one before I die.
KAHAHAHAHA . .so they do exist.", thought the Summoner as his last words and fall to the ground - bathed with his own blood.

Colin turned around - looking at Luna behind him who barely able to stand properly, she's using her staff to assist her.
He then walk to reach Luna.

"Mission accomplished?", asked Luna.

Colin put his hand to Luna's head, "Yup, Mission accomplished. Let's get away now before the Imperial Knight came".

After few minutes they left the dungeon, Imperial Knight came there and took care all of the captured women outside. They
capture all the bandit that they found there. The report have been made to the council and all the glory of this mission
have been given to Captain Hazama - nobody mentioned about Colin and Luna. Council has taken back their decision about
getting the Welcome Home guild to close and allow the guild to remain opened for more advanced quest.

The sky is marigold-colored - indicating that the time already past evening. Colin and Luna are on their way return to
the guild. Luna clinged at Colin's arm - she's using both her staff and Colin's arm to assist her walking properly. Colin
allowed her to cling at him for this time because of her Mana Break state.

"Thanks for saving me just now", said Colin.

Luna, who constantly spacing out after they left the dungeon, react to Colin's voice, "Hmm? Save? Ah! That time. I don't
really know what I'm doing that time actually. Just tried to save you with barely any mana I have".

"I don't know you can cast that kind of magic though"

"I can't! And probabily won't be able to casting it again", said Luna with decreasing in tone as she looking down.

"I see. I guess I'll have to be more careful later then".

"How ironic, without I knew it, I'm walking in the path that I've been trying to avoid before. Don't even thinking of return-
ing, Luna! You've failed to save one life and you can never save anyone life again. You've made your choice and this is the
best choice. This current path is what is the best for you". thought Luna alone in her mind.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A guy in a dark room talking to someone with his ring.

"We lost our contact on Aomori."


[End of Mini Arc]