--World Setting--
Fantasy Mediaval mixed with a bit of Warring State (Sengoku Jidai).

--World Lore [Beginning]--
The world start from just a small star, then the bored Beelzebub got the idea of creating a "World".
Thus, he created the world. In a world with nothing but the sky and land, he then create the Dragon.
The Dragons given a task - to supervise the world that he created. A dragon then said "There are
nothing in world for us to supervise". He doesn't answer, instead, he start to create a various 
kind of living species. He start with the elf, orc, drawf, phanterian, and demi. He then drop monsters
like a rain from the sky, he created Titan from the sand, Demon from the shadow, and Angel from the Light.
He let the Mana flows within the world - enable the world to use Magic. Lastly, he created Human.

Thousand year has passed, the Dragons doing their task as their were told to. Until one day, a war broken out
between five major species - Human excluded. As a result, the major five reduced to four - removing demi.
The world balance collapsed and choas happened. Thus, they start to act - The Dragon. They decided that the
Major Four need to perish - thus, elimination begin. Obviously, Major Four on the disadvantage position.
On the brink of losing, the Human stood up - leading the Major Four on their trial to survive. Human came up
with various of clever plans, leaving The Dragon on surprise - thus, took their interest. Suddenly, one
of the man -Human, start to make a conversation - a very first conversation between Dragon and Man. Man 
conviced the Dragon to leave the world to them - the non-dragon species. The Dragons agreed with one
condition -that They will appear again when the choas call them, the man agreed. Thus, the elimination ended. 

There is no true record for this event.


--World Lore [Current]--
The world had already experienced its first Great War - a war between two big countries/alliances, a war that
affecting all continents around the world both in good and bad way. With some sacrifices, the first Great War
ended - almost ended -incompletely ended, but leaving the world in Cold War/Civil War. During this conflict
era, a new threat shows up -A Demon Lord.


--Species/Race--
Human - currently has the most numbers of population among other species.
      - live openly on village, cities, and big cities/capital.
      - Race with most balanced stat

Elf - numbers of population second to Human.
    - live on big cities/capital.
    - some live in the forest (different culture) 
    - magic focused race (high manapool)
    - has high affinity to magic
    - there are exist manaless Elf but borned with high dexterity/agility

Orc - has average number of population
    - live on their on village (isolating themselves from human and elf)
    - some live on cities with both elf and human live in it.
    - excellent Tanker race, good fighter
    - has the less manapool among other race
    - gain extra strength stat everytime level up(bonus ranged from 0~3 depending on Luck)

Phanterian - A humanoid species with cat-like ear, and tail.
	   - has average population.
	   - live on both cities and mountain.
           - most agile Race
           - dexterity/agility focused Race
           - excellent at role for Thieves and Assassin
           - has the ability "Moon Eye", to see in the dark
           - female usually a main target to "Human Trafficking/Slavery(illegal)"

Dwarf - myteriously dissapeared from the world/public(?)
      - believed to be gone during the first Great War
      - a species with great Blacksmith skill (used-to)
      - used to live within the mountain/cave.
      - leaving the world with their ruin for dungeon party to conquer.
      - excellent tanker

Demi - half human/elf and half demon.
     - a race with agility like Phanterian and strength like Orc.
     - believed to be perished during the Major Five War.
     - currently has the most few population (near to non-exist)
     - living place is unknown/random.
     - borned with highest Magic Resistant
     - Brawler and Berserker Class exist for this Race
     - the higher the power, the lower the sanity


--Forest Elf--
Every elf borned with high affinity to magic and spellcraft. They're proud
to be borned this way - believed they're the elite Race among others. However,
there is rare case where elf borned manaless. The Elf Eldest believed this
as a shame and would bring misfortune/disaster to the elf race - thus those
who're manaless were exiled from their own population. The exiled elf later 
start to make a new civilization within the forest.

Angel Lyra who happened to be there saw everything that happened and feel
pity to these exiled people. Lyra is a special angel that allowed to visit
man's world and observes everything. After she saw what happened to the elf,
she later asked permission from Beelzebub for her to bless the exiled elf.
The heartless Beelzebub given his permission with one condition, Lyra will
lose her special position and can no longer visit man's world. Lyra agreed
with the condition.

From this day, everytime Forest Elf use their bow for any purpose, the wind
will be on their side. The elf called this as Lyra's Blessing and Lyra is
called by new title - The Wind Goddess, Lyra.

Forest Elf isn't actually borned with no mana pool at all but their MP
considered smaller than typical elf. They got lowest affinity to magic,
thus only able to cast low teir magic. However, forest elf borned with
great agility and DEX/AGI stat, thus able to become a good Archer.



--Mermaid--
Sub-Race of Demi.

Aqua is an Angel of Sea, the one who being in-charged of the sea. Like
other angels, Aqua has a kind-hearted nature. Thus, everytime sailors
lose their life on the seas, she'll felt sad. This continue for hundred
of years and Aqua can only watch. Later she decided to stop watching
and start to act.

With the permission from Beelzebub, Demi had been choosen as Aqua's
Agent - to guides sailor on the sea on her sted. This choosen Demi
was mermaid family and their gladly accept the roles. Since this day,
whenever there are sailors that lose their way on the sea or having
their ship destroyed by the waves, Mermaid will shows up and save
these people. Most people that saved by mermaid came from Human race.
Thus, making human thinking that it's possible for every Races to
help each other. Mermaid were kind to every people on the sea, doesn't
matter which Race their came from.

When Demi lost in the Major Five War, Mermaid decided to abandon their
ancestor task - to protect the ocean- for the sake of their Race's
survival. Mermaid hiding deep in the sea, guarding the entrace to
the island where currently where Demi hiding.



--Titan--
The other name for them are The Protector. Each Races were given Titans,
and each Titan will be given task to watch over these Races. Man has
no control over the Titan. Titans were to acts and decides on its own.
During the time they were un-needed, they will enter deep slumber and
only wake up during the time they going to protect Race they were told
to protect.

Phanterian lost their Titan during the Major Five War. Orc lost their
Titan during trial of survival from process of Elimination. Dwarf lost
their Titan during the First Great War.



--Major Five War/First Great War--
Before the Era of Revolution, the world got no proper country - exist only area, Human Area, Elf Area etc.
The contact between Races were extremely low. Each of them - except Human- believe that they're the best Race, 
and the other Races should be superviced by them. This became one of the reason leading to Major Five War. The 
biggest reason was "Fighting over land and resources", each Races want to own bigger land and economy than other 
Races. This competetion ended up with sparking war between those five major races. This war result in world losed
one of major race - Demi, the strongest race among all. Major Five War ended when Dragons decided to eliminated 
these races.

After the Process of Elimination ended, the man who lead the Trial of Survival was called hero and crowned as the
first World Emperor - the first emperor came from Human race. Lead by the man's charismatic as a leader, the 
world evolved into a new world - with new king system, a true Country was borned and followed by others. Thus, 
many coutries was born. This era was called Era of Revolution as many new good things happened including 
"DeCulture", to broke the wall of hatred among Races. However, the Era of Peace didn't last long. An accident 
accoured where the Emperor had been assissinated by unknown rogues. People then start to fight over the crown. 
This struggle of power later lead to First Great War. 



--World's Event Timeline--
Year 0~1 Phase of Nothingness

Year 1~9 Phase of Sky and Land

Year 10~100 Era of Dragon

Year 101~102 Creation of other lifeforms.

Year 103~1100 Era of Peace

Year 1100~1102 Wind of conflict

Year 1102~1105 Whistle of War

Year 1105~1157 Major Five War

Year 1158~1173 Trial of Survival

Year 1173~1177 Era of Revolution

Year 1177~2321 Era of Heroes/Peace

Year 2322~2325 Emperor Assassination & A Power Struggle Between Major Empires

Year 2325~2339 War Preparation

Year 2340~2363 First Great War

Year 2363~2365 Preperation for Peace

Year 2366~2366 Great Accident

Year 2367~2410 State of Armistice

Year 2411~Current Era of Demon Lord.



--Level Up/Stat--
In this world, one can gain experience and leveling up by killing monster.
If one join party and kill some monsters, the experience gained from the killing/quest
will be distributed equally to everyone - experience won't be divided. By having a
specific blessing, item, or passive skill, one can gain bonus EXP.

During leveled up, a dim light will shine upon one's body - this light can only
be seen by oneself and party member. After leveling up, one's stats will be
increased randomly depending on Race, Class and Luck. At the same time, one
will also gain unallocated stat ranged from 1~5 depending on Luck (2 is average).
These stats will accumulated within one body as one continue to leveling up.
In order to allocate these stats, one need to sleep and allocate them manually.
Sleeping by unnatural cause (drunk, collapse, zero-mana . . ect) will result
in these stat to be allocated automatically.

To start a party, one just need to think of it and the party will automatically
formed. To join a party, one will need a simple permission(in form of word) from
a party leader and do a hand shake. To disband a party, leader just need to say it.
To kick a party member, leader need to think of it and tell the kicked member.
To leave a party, one just need to think of it.


Strength - Increase physical damage and physical defense. The bonus damage and
	   defense came from STR will be added to weapon and armor.

Dexterity/Agility - Increase critical hit ,evasion rate and accuracy. Having a 
		    higher DEX/AGI will lead to speed increases slightly. Some 
		    Race/Class will use this as a damage decider instead of STR.

Intelligent - Increase magical damage and mana pool/regen, slightly increasing
	      magic defense. Having a Zero INT won't lead one to become
	      stupid or insane, but will badly affect the magical damage and def.

Vitality - Increase HP and Def (both magic and physical). The minimum value
	   for VIT is 10.

Luck - Has various kind of effect. Provide huge impact to stat allocation
       during level up. Effecting the monster/boss drop. Effect the quality 
       outcome during the "item/potion creation". Effect the bonus damage 
       from critical hit.
     - Luck can't be increase using unallocated stat. One will be borned
       with specific value of Luck. One's Luck will sometimes change when
       leveled up (usually increasing, rarely decreases).
     - Blessing and buff can slighty increase Luck, while Curse and debuff
       will minus Luck. Negative Luck will result in misfortune.


--Monster Drop--
Every dead monster will provide a crystal as a drop. The size of the crystal
will be depend on the monster's size - very huge monster won't result in
very big crystal, instead will provide multiple average-sized crystals. The
color of the crystal will be depend on the monster's rarity.

The crystal itself is not a true drop, instead all the drop items and golds
are located inside the crystal - the crystal act as items container. It's
possible for a small crystal to contain a huge Greatsword because the item
is stored magically in there.

Only the owner of the crystal will be able to "open" what stored inside.
The ownership desicion will be made by "who did the last hit" - this is
why "kill-steal" possible. The moment one touch the crystal, he/she will
know what and how-much items stored in it. The owner just need to wish it
in order to "open" the crystal. With the owner's permission, crystal
ownership can be transfers.


--Slavery--
Slavery is illegal in this world but it still exist and still going-on.
Although it's illegal but there is no clear law that protect people
from it. Any party that trying or doing slavery will be capture and
given punishment. However, the probability of victim will be saved
from slavery bind is low.

Every slave will be bind with "Slavery Binding" magic. With this magic,
slave will have to obey every command from "Master". In order for this
magic to worked, both party (slave and master) must be agree with this
relationship. If any side of the party didn't agree with the relationship,
the magic won't work. However, using a specific drug, the master can
force the slave to agree with this relationship - resulting the magic
to success. The ownership of the slave can be transfers.

It's possible to cancel the Slavery Binding but at one condition - 
it isn't three month yet. When the binding reached three months, it'll
become permenant and has extremely low chance of success of dispelling.

The binding form will shows up as a collor tattoo around the neck, it
won't disappear until the magic dispelled. The offspring from the slave
won't be affected by the binding.

For various reason, slave doesn't have any place within the society.
Slave cannot make their own decision and can't kill themselves - the
collar will prevent them to do so. Thus, before punishment (usually
death) is going to be given to the party that doing the slavery,
Imperial Knight need to placed the slaves that left behind at a 
suitable environment - so that they can at least life "normally".
This is the main reason why Imperial Knights hate dealing with
slavery case - searching a suitable place for them is quite
hard thing to do.

--Calender/Currency--
This world has 12 total of months and every month has 30 total of days.
Every name used on each months are belongs to Angel with unique and
special background.

Lyra (January) - Angel of Day and Night, worshipped by Forest Elf
Fharsha (February) - Angel of Romance/Love.
Meudora (March)
Sibley (April)
Maya (May)
Irene (June) - Angel of Twilight, Twin to Irina. Worshipped by Demi.
Irina (July) - Angel of Twilight, Twin to Irene. Worshipped by Demi.
Laura (August)
Philia (September)
Obelia (October)
Narcissa (November)
Amira (December) [ Amanda "Amira" Sherwood, An Angel of Loyalty. She's belong to the final month of the year as 
		   symbol of her loyalty - as she faithfully waiting for her beloved one to come before her. :) ]


Eris is the current currency in this world. Eris is Angel of Fortune and people consider her blessing would bring
good fortune to everyone. She is titled as Goddess of Richness by mankind.


--Advanturer Licensing--

>Continental Pro License (Hero, Demon Lord)
>Continental A License (Imperial Knight Captain, Royalty Bodyguard)
>National A (The highest level usually attained by an advanced advanturer)
>National B (average)
>National C (majority of the registered advanturer)
>Amateur (starting point)